Point 2: If it’s a show that your kid wants, a show about a book is always better than CRACCC.
Stay tuned for some more quilting posts coming soon.
that my daughter will say she's going to puke
Even today it is happening.
After Revelation of Jesus Christ 22:21 I have great doubt they knew that they were doing.
Today is May Day. I think you are suppose to leave flowers on someone's doorstep. And try to get away before they catch you. If they do catch you leaving them flowers, you get a kiss.
I Have a saying that goes like this: Information
Tiger Okoshi (Main Performer), Mike Stern (Guitar),
So, did you miss me last Wednesday? I was on my Jolly Holidays. We spent a fabulous week in London doing the "Tourist Thing"!!! We saw all the sights Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Downing Street, Tower Bridge etc. We visited Kew Gardens, The Science Museum, The Royal Observatory at Greenwich and The British Museum. Of course we also had time for some serious shopping too - Harrods, Fortnum & Masons, Covent Garden and Hamleys to name a few. I even managed a trip to Blade Rubber Stamps - a great rubber stamp and craft shop in Holborn!!!
Global Warming has given the Empire a global crisis and an unlimited mandate to resolve the crisis. What the threat of war was to a united Europe and the threat of poverty was to a federalized United States, the threat of a melting planet is to the Empire of Poverty. It is an open question whether the economic collapse of any of the smaller entities will inhibit the rise of the Empire or prevent it from coming to being. Every resource crisis gives the Empire another reason to consolidate control of resources in the name of the public good, and then eliminate access to those resources in the name of the planetary good.
Yesterday I ran my first 10k ever. Actually it was a 10.8k, but whose counting? (We are, of course...) It was also my first race in Turkey and my first race in any foreign country.
9. Writing well is a real skill. Although I believe that many, if not most, people could write reasonably well, very few actually do. Further, I believe that most people think they're good writers because they write every day—grocery lists, e-mails, birthday cards, &c. Literacy is not equal to writing ability. Good writers are rare and should be paid well for their work.
Now, one of the main functions of having parents around is safety. Somebody needs to make sure the kids don't crawl under the trampoline or make sure kids' legs don't plummet through the springs while bouncing. Somebody needs to keep an eye out to ensure that roughhousing doesn't get out of hand, or that kids don't slip and bash their heads, or any number of other nightmare scenarios. It's really asking too much of one single teacher to watch 25 energetic little kids under such circumstances and ensure their safety.
IPTV – Mediaset: “We are going to deliver a social TV service by the end of this year”: We speak to Angelo Pettaz… bit.ly/KMX6sr
Wanting others to like what you like is perfectly normal. But where many people go wrong is in how they attempt to approach it. With friends, you mostly have to be respectful about it, and introduce things in a "I think this is so cool and thought you might too, want to watch it/read it/try it with me?" But when it comes to children, so often their very thoughts are considered to be under parental control (because really, what is attempting to teach something against someones will if not attempting to control their thoughts?), parents decide what their children should be interested in, and decide to make it happen.
* Would you ever consider a proposal for a series from a new author, or do you prefer stand alone books? If an author is writing a trilogy, should they mention it in their submission?
While I agree that the quality and creativity is definitely there, as is Zod’s technical skill, Blu just isn’t my speed. I think there’s just too much going on with the food, as if the place is Zod’s mad scientist laboratory.
I also found out that a girl from work has some clothes she wants to get rid of and will be giving to me! I will get to see tomorrow night what new items I have inherited!
I am currently sat here absolutely devastated as our laptop will not turn on this morning. We have photos on there that haven't been backed up or moved onto the home computer!! Mum has gone to a local shop to see what they can do, so I'm just waiting to hear, hopefully it'll be good news. All I want is for it to turn on one last time so I can copy all photos across :( Arghhhh :( Sob sob :(
Author Christine Nolfi is with us today to talk about her road to publication and her decision to self-publish. Her newest book, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge, is available now. Please let’s give her a warm welcome.
Russia, China, India and other nations have been pushed beyond their boiling points for a long time ago by the United States bullying and imperialism. The total spectrum dominance of the United States military is the only thing that kept this sleeping coalition of semi-super powers from uniting and putting the United States in its place. The US thought they would sack Iran in less than a week and the world would continue just as it had before the attack.
Happy Feet’s tracking device stopped transmitting several days ago, but Massey University Associate Professor John Cockrem says it’s highly likely the bird is still alive.
I say “It was going great until I realized my favorite chocolate isn’t on sale!” I added sad eyes and a frown.
otherwise I haven’t seen any local bloggers (be it Thai or farangs) paying much attention to this “pandemic” issue.
Where is my life headed this time?
This isn't a phone session. You can be anywhere and receive the energy. Your intent to join is the connection. You could be in your car or on a plane and still receive the energy. It's best to try and be quiet during the session on Sun. Feb. 3 and just notice what is happening in your body. You can sit or lie down. You can still be active and get good results during the session but optimal results are obtained by being quiet during the session. It's ok to sleep during the session. It's helpful to not bathe right after the session, wait until the next morning. Try to avoid cold drinks the night of the main session. It's also good to take it easy the next day after the session and if you exercise do it very moderately. It's best to use the energy for healing and not for a lot of activity. The energy can continue to work in your body several days or more after the session.
I started it exactly a year ago, on May Bank Holiday Monday, and it’s become a far more useful, interesting and important part of my life than I could ever have guessed.
Some might smirk at this point, saying it’s folly to worry about an endangered species whose existence has never been verified.
although he understands the time frame that i chose..and he understands that im putting family first.. which is my son but every now and then…. i guess it wouldnt hurt to make a pit stop at least once a month…..
updated: It's 8:43 p.m. Mr. Manic came home with a tin of Garrett's cheese/caramel mixed popcorn. I ate half the can. This made me EXTREMELY HAPPY THE MINUTE I STARTED CHEWING. I am an emotional eater. AND, I am sure I am getting my period for the third time in like 42 days. NOT GOOD.
The boy bags a foamy mass of buttermilk sky
B2G1: “Buy Two Get One.” Another form of BOGO, but specifies different numbers, which will vary depending on the actual sale (B1G1, B3G2, etc.).
Doest thou continually kick the can
"So what's your name?"
This whole moving into a place which hasn't been built yet has really been a real test on my patience. I think it was June when we actually signed the papers and purchased our condo, and by the way, just last week we received our first "notice of delay" on our move-in date. The new closing date is now set for July 23, 2012. Claridge is only allowed to give us 3 "notice of delays", and they all must be a minimum of 90 days before the closing date. After the third notice we can either opt to cancel the contract and receive reimbursements or they are fined and we receive a payment. I'm not sure of all the details that go along with that - I'm just hoping we don't' need to go there. Maybe after "notice of delay" #2 I will look into it.
Authentication center (AUC):
I can't believe you are already 2 months old! You have been such a joy and a beautiful addition to our family. You are such a sweet baby there isn't much you don't like yet and you are generally content and happy. You have been smiling so much lately and you even talk back to us. You love when I sing You are my sunshine and If your happy and you know it. You try to sing with me, it's so sweet. You love to look around, go on walks and be outside and love to be held. I think I have spoiled you, I don't know what it's like to just have one baby so you get held much more than your sisters did, just because I can! I have started putting you on more of a schedule. Mainly if we are at home you will eat, play on the floor or in your swing or do tummy time, then when you get fussy I put you down for a nap and you will sleep until you eat again. You nurse every three hours but eat closer together at night time. We know you are truly ours because you are such a great sleeper. We have gotten in a good night time routine and i think that is what helped so much. You are awake between your last feedings, you LOVE getting a bath and you are fussiest when I get you out because you know you're about to eat! I feed you then we get all swaddled, you love to be swaddled. You go to bed around 9:00 and sleep until 6:30 or 7:00. I swaddle you back up and you sleep 2 more hours unless I have to get you up when sissy goes to school. Speaking of sissy, she makes you very happy. She loves you so much and every time you cry she says " I think I hear my baby" I got to go get her"! She loves to give you your paci, tickle your feet and rub your head. Ramsey used to call your sister evie "sisoo" and she calls you that sometimes which warms my heart. I wish you could have known evie. I know she is always watching over you and I can't wait to show you videos and tell you all about her when you get old enough!
Oh My Old San Juan (thurs)
in decades. The current government is pro-American but Odinga wants to
Greta do you want me? Tell me this
Sleep took over the moment I hit the pillow. An insatiable thirst woke me from a dream. An old dream recurred after a very long time and got overlapped with a new one. The havelies have become an integral part of my dreams and surely have some significance and some relation with my past life.
Both Cara and Jen have been successful fundraisers for Susan G. Komen for the Cure in the past. Cara is currently organizing the third annual Bake for Hope at her company’s office site in Marlboro, MA. Last year’s event raised over $2500. Jen has made breast cancer awareness part of her personal mission. In 2004, Jen’s mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. Since then, Jen, her sisters, mom, and aunts walk the Race for the Cure every year. Jen and her family have raised thousands of dollars for the various Komen for the Cure affiliates.
The 26-year-old had threatened the girl, saying that if he had to fill out a report on the matter it would affect her chances of getting a loan and future career prospects.
According to Haaretz, there only three Molotov cocktails. As of now, it appears there were no casualties.
Serves 4 as a side dish.
We have a peace treaty of sorts in place now.
The beer is a Belgium Ale. Normally, I am not a huge fan of Belgium Ales. They are usually a little too sweet for my palate. But I am really enjoying this one (I am drinking it as I type).
Along our journey, we've met people from all over the world- Germany, Australia, England, Norway, Mexico, and all over the US. Every single person, including those from China, thanked us or congratulated us for adopting. While we were waiting at the train station, a Chinese woman offered some little oranges to Brielle...seriously, the people were so kind to us. Brielle is so independent. She peeled the oranges and ate them all by herself.
I haven’t weighed in this week; and don’t plan to. I’m still going to attend the meeting, in fact, I need to be getting ready right about now. Between my “friend” and how I’ve eaten this week, I just don’t want to face the number on the scale. I still need to go and participate in the meeting though.
October 19: Alexiis, coordinator for this evening’s Shimmyshowcase, is looking for dancers, so if you’re interested, please contact us at Shimmyshowcase@yahoogroups.com.
After that night Emily's mother changed. She cried a lot, she didn't talk much to Emily and she stayed in her room to sleep much more than just at night.
They’re my writer’s group—and they rock.
and Whisper White Cardstock and Ink - Stampin Up
It is a dead baby bird, my love.
"So, you fell asleep during lunch bunch?"
To hear of some ones pains and to see who they turned into by choice is amazing, and then when you see them use there pain and experiences to do something they truly feel will help others is amazing. But the thing is just because some one feels its helping others doesn’t mean it is, but when you see that they are helping others that’s the amazing thing.
I had less, just a copy of World of stories, some flyers, business cards and some of the Daqueran buttons that featured my drawing.
JB-Use words instead of screaming
For more Born Again Brazilian, go to www.bornagainbrazilian.com.
Add to this the growing secularist move against organised religion as an acceptable use of one’s time. Only last week I was told organised religion is a magnet for all kinds of undesirables. On the one hand, I want to have a church which isn’t afraid to offer community to those on the outskirts of society. On the other hand, it should be open to everyone, and be able to welcome anyone.
I also want to say, completely up-front and without quibbling, that I admire writers of contemporary fiction for girls tremendously. I know that your work is vital, and much under-valued. I know that you tackle important, every day issues which genuinely affect the lives of today's young adults, and deal with those issues with humour and poignancy and truth. You face quite enough prejudice and quite enough othering and dismissal because you dare to dedicate your lives to fiction which is accessible to young women (because in our society nothing is more fatal to being taken seriously than this) and because publishers tend to put pretty, feminine covers on your stories (le gasp!).
The thing is, this short moment of freedom was quickly replaced with fear. Here is how THAT happened. We began figuring out where to put the money that we had been putting towards his truck. Well, we need to start saving for his fall tuition, and for taxes for 2012, oh and I really need to start a freaking food storage since I am afraid that people are going to go crazy next year and food will be bare on the grocery shelves, and then we'll need a gun if the end of the world really is coming and we get attacked by zombies, and oh my gosh, how on earth did we ever think we could ever take another vacation, and we still need to pay off MY car, and our credit card, and ... Like I said, that freeing moment fled and it fled fast.
But the true moment of horror came the following morning, when my wife couldn't find the underwear she'd been wearing the night before. The expression on her face when I suggested it might be next door was priceless (as was the look of relief when I later told her that it was actually in our bathroom).
I might regret cosleeping so much later on. Callie might not like to sleep by herself. We might have night struggles trying to get her in bed. But when I look at that sleeping face.... I'll deal with it.
With all of his accomplishments and achievements on both sides of the Atlantic, Franklin knew the importance of keeping it all in proper perspective. As another proverb says, “When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom” (Proverbs 11:2).
Instead they are mired in their own delusional feedback loop and blind to the evidence of their own eyes.
Those of you that know me know that I love my family. I have three beautiful girls and a wonderful husband. There is 1 member of my family who dosent get mentioned as much as he should. My son Buddy. Yes, he is of a different species, and yes he has 4 legs. He is a golden retriever. Just because he is a dog, dosent mean that he is any less a family member. I joke that my husband would get rid of me and the girls before he would get rid of Buddy, but I think there is some truth to that.
Sound like anyone you know ?
There are a few players who have interesting stats when you separate them like this.
Favorite Line: “I never loved her / I never needed her / She was willing and that’s all there is to say / Don’t forsake me; please don’t leave me now”
I shot some promo photography again for Down To A Science who were relesing their new single and video. We had a lot of fun in Sutton Park trying out different techniques with my flash gun, including using car headlights in the pitch black!
Here is SS-203:
For more:
And it totally is, which is why I was saying it might have been the record that effectively ended tech death for me. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, is so outrageously technical and over-the-top that I am seriously wondering a) how much alien DNA do these guys have? and b) how the fuck do they even remember how to play all this?
So...now I'm off. And I plan to visit blogs this weekend. I also took Monday off, so I have four whole days with nothing much planned. Ah...I can't wait! In fact, I'm going to go have some wine right now. Happy Canada Day to my fellow Canadians, and Happy 4th of July to my American friends!
Truthfully, evil has got it right.
Nicholas may not be barcalounging, sleeping through any night soon, going to work with anything less than the smell of talc and tooshy on his tie...but DAMN, take one look at the genetic genius the God 's have bestowed ...
Because it's time.
Utopias reassure modernity as to its infinite potential. But why? It should learn—be taught—to look failure in the face.
Kevin says internships are important for persons wanting to break into green jobs, since positions require experts and a company isn’t necessarily willing to hire people with zero experience. ECO Canada offers a variety of internship programs, including one where they will give a company up to $12,000 toward your first-year salary after your internship.
Yes, Toth does warn his readers that "rules will be broken," but when that rule-breaking (and attempted cleverness) doesn't work, it's time to rethink that approach.
The modern religious search often begins in disappointment. The rhetoric of religious believing and the reality can be miles apart. There can be very legitimate reasons for this disjunction. The truth claims of many religious groups border on the absurd. Complex dogmatic constructs quickly reveal themselves to be the intellectual fabrications of cultural and psychological forces. Disappointment leads to disbelief.
Stamp- Sweet Gothic Kids "Pumpkin Judy"
I think the official description pretty much said it all. It is very lightweight, and has a cream to powder finish. Although on the official website it suggests applying with with your fingers; I find that apply it with a brush/fingers are both easy. I like to apply it with my finger, then blend it with wither a foundation brush or a dual fibre brush.
Happy Saturday all! The scale is headed back in the right direction for me. Phew! I won week-1 of the fat loss challenge I am doing with an office friend and I am back on track with kettlebells, weights, running, etc. Feels good! I have a super-duper-crazy two weeks ahead. I hope I can keep it up!
Hi everybody, what a beautiful day - I hope the sun is shining wherever you are. I'd like to say hello and welcome to my new followers and to say hello to the followers that have been with me for awhile, I really do appreciate you wanting to follow me.
Now you can decoarte the front and the insides with paper of your choice. You can do the whole front but for now just paper on the inside.
It looks like all the “bribes” to the people given by Najib’s government that have come to billions of ringgit thus far are not going to be turned into votes for UMNO and Barisan Nasional. The Opposition has a good prospect of toppling the incumbent government.
Usually one doesn’t interrupt a person’s uphill momentum, especially when that person is as tiny as this one carrying a heavy load. But I had a reason.
“Great working with you guys!”
Quite frequently the moment somebody learns I'm an author they tell me "I have a story" and I always believe them because, frankly, everybody does. Today somebody told me a little story of something that had happened to them as a child. It wasn't horrific or violent or anything. Basically it was a small-minded mean-spirited thing that hurt the child. An extreme case of bullying. It got me thinking, what makes a person so mean and I became fascinated about creating a character based on what little knowledge I have of the person.
Bon appetit!!
Standard Industries Limited has submitted to the Exchange the Standalone Financial Results for the period ended March 31,2012.
The American bishops, assembled in the Seventh Provincial Council of Baltimore, May 5-13, 1849, had given a favorable reply to both questions (in decrees I and II, on May 12), informing the Holy Father that the faithful in the United States were animated with a great devotion to the Immaculate Conception, and that they the bishops, would be pleased if the Holy Father declared the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception an article of faith.
I am interested in politics. I like to participate in my democracy. However, sometimes politics is not top priority as life takes hold. Yet the past two weeks here in Portland, Oregon and throughout the United States illustrate how life and politics are inexorably linked.
So, our school system’s spring break is coming up and I decided to go somewhere. This past winter really did a number on me, and I just need to get out of Dodge. I’ve always wanted to travel across Canada by train, but I don’t have much time in April. Besides, I have a sixteen year old cat that I refuse to put in a kennel and my ex would rather stick a needle in his eye than offer to check on her. So, I decided to go somewhere for three nights. That would introduce me to solo travel. Now, you have to realize that I am also a woman in my mid-fifties, so I’m not looking to meet someone. My mom told me when I was getting a divorce that “I was too old to get a divorce and I’d never find a man.” Um, thanks, Mom. Well, not looking for a man. I just want to get re-acquainted with myself. I think I will be a lot of fun.
You buy as many Oxen as you possibly can. Someone in your party may say something like this
Sitting here, having a glass of Chardy, as a famous (infamous) Aussie Blogger calls it, on a Friday on my porch. For a 4 day week (Monday was Memorial Day) it seemed rather long.
Malik is not as attractive as first expected.
but because God is there for all of us.
Further down the list was the EEO form, which wants to know my gender (male or female) and ethnicity. I left that blank as well, although given the choice, I would identify with the female gender. If I had freedom to dress as I choose, I would not go 24/7 but I'd either be part male/part female or all female. Even now, some days I'm in all female clothing, although appearing male.
Since people infected with HIV generally do not exhibit any symptoms until they get sick from opportunistic infections, everyone should be tested for HIV on a regular basis. In NCTE and the Task Force’s survey, almost 10% of the respondents indicated that they did not know their HIV status. Usually, HIV tests require a blood sample but some tests use urine or saliva instead. Some tests take a few days for results, but rapid HIV tests can provide results in approximately 20 minutes.
“The first full-length, Multiple Choice, was recorded in the winter of 1980, using Roland Strings, a mini-Korg, some ARP synthesizers and a Boss DR-55, a drum machine that was intensivly used by many minimal synth bands during the 80s and by legendary bands like Sisters of Mercy or New Order in their first songs.
After the meeting, Brownback cornered me and asked if I had any questions for him. I should have been overjoyed. Here was a U.S. Senator requesting a personal interview! Instead I said, "No, thanks. I think I have everything I need."
SHAH ALAM: The Sultan of Selangor has voiced his unhappiness at the actions of the Hindu Rights Action Force (Hindraf), which he said has incited hatred and damaged the country’s image by taking its campaign overseas.
'Whether it's Scottish lochs or Enlightenment philosophers, the facts of the devolution referendums or the mysteries of Irn-Bru, myths will be debunked and truths revealed in this light-hearted but rigorous overview of Scottish history and culture.'
Jean Cronin 1960s vintage shift, The Loft Market €98
PROVERBS 10:27
I'm still processing what this means, but it's put the scare in me. I mean, I'm continuing to live my life, working out full speed ahead and moving forward with plans to The Lake House, but I'm much more cautious, and more than a little nervous. Andrew is too, and he now insists on being by my side for ev.e.ry.thing. from running to taking out the garbage to Ohmygod, that was a contraction wasn't it? Are you okay? Can you hear me? Is there a foot hanging out?!
which is often even better than the former life.
I’m not sure about the long term viability of this show. I am perfectly ok with it having one, really good season. The premise is such that once some key plot issues are resolved, I can’t imagine it staying interesting. I wouldn’t mind getting the opportunity to watch the attempt however.
he smiled with that cretinous enthusiasm and optimism which is difficult for non-Americans to counterfeit.
You turn 4 today, and soon
First off, most of the fruits and veggies I want to grow need warmth. The house is kept in the mid-60's range, so a lot of container plants wouldn’t thrive if left randomly hanging about. And sunlight is inconsistent for growing indoors, especially if windows are partially blocked by trees or don’t face south.
November 11 is my due date...4 days after Kylee's birthday. I don't like having birthdays or anniversarys close together. Now I will have to be planning 2 birthday parties very near each other and right after Halloween too. Me. The person who abhors planning (loooove parties, haaaate planning).
(2) We should drill in the Gulf of Mexico too!
Belt fabric: I used fake leather, but you can use whatever you want! Make sure your fabric does not have any stretch and is sturdy enough to handle belt-stress (or else plan on interfacing that sucker!). I have 1/4 yard here, but I think you could feasibly get by on much less… 1/4 yard was just the minimum cut at my particular store.
So, what I'm asking is; please, continue to share this information with your friends, and if you haven't pledged yet, please consider it. Any amount will help Fay and I to put this together and we will try to make a difference in the lives of some of the many shelter dogs out there...waiting. Go here to see the project And you folks with cats? Gather your photos and stories because the next book is for you. Stay tuned.
Moss rose, or portulaca grandiflora, is another must for my garden. Very low maintenance, and because they are so low-growing, I use them as a ground cover between other plants. I love especially the fact that one plant will yield multicolored blooms. They are considered an annual here, although I have some that come up faithfully year after year.
“During the week of World Press Freedom Day, it would be deplorable if access to independent and impartial news was being prevented in any way. We would strongly condemn any blocking of the trusted news that we broadcast around the world including via distribution partners.”
Bob Weir – guitar, vocals
Now... compare her lovely watering pool to my own. I started with this pail of rocks...
I usually managed to miss all the germs that do the rounds at this time of year but oh boy did I pick this one up. I’ve had all the usual suspects, soar throat, upset tummy, sneezing, coughing and sinusitis and a chest infection thrown in for good measure but just to add insult to injury I’ve now broken out in what looks like a shaving rash all along my right jaw line and have no idea what has caused it. I can only assume that it’s because I’m so run down at the moment.
Waterproof a Tent
Every year she arrives soon after fall, but this time she decided to make us wait. We waited and waited...spent an almost warm Christmas and an exceptionally mild January (heck this season Kolkata had chillier days than London!). We were feeling smug on having given winter a miss. There were signs of an early spring everywhere-- sprouting daffodil bulbs, spring collections out in shops, people wearing light jackets. Spring and love was in the air.
I know that brass is hot and in vintage vogue right now…but I’m just not ready yet. But, I’m ALWAYS ready for a slightly sparkly, matte but shiny coat of spraypaint.
<U+0628><U+0633><U+0645> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0644><U+0647> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0631><U+062D><U+0645><U+0646> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0631><U+062D><U+064A><U+0645>
Do you know people who have trouble sharing power and responsibility? Are there places in your life where you need to be letting others in? What makes it difficult for us to do that?
1950s Orange Bathing Suit
ASSUME THE THREAT IS PASSED. DANGER TO BOATS AND COASTAL
U.S Coast Guard Academy
01 - Flirtin' With Disaster 05:08
Some time later, I received an envelope with a copy of a restaurant receipt
Raised bed gardening
Plaza Senayan 5th Floor
· $1,620 on music and magazines
Bake for 15 minutes at 375 degrees.
The FTC is very lax about enforcing its own rules. One of the best examples is the word ‘free.’ It is supposed to mean “devoid of cost or obligation,” but you constantly see it used (with impunity) to mean “included at no extra cost with purchase.”
I like the basilisk because every good story needs a villain and the basilisk is the ultimate villain! The basilisk sounds so very powerful and a little mysterious. There are far fewer images of basilisks than there are of dragons, though both are serpent like and deadly and often winged. As a writer I can use the idea of the basilisk and all its mythic associations but there is still room for me to use my own imagination.
distant wood. Their broad wings are not
Felix and I caught the bus downtown a couple of days and had a great time at the Pikeplace markets, the crumpet shop and the spiffy new library (Felix appreciated the kids play area, I appreciated the hot chocolate).
Mason has turned into a chatter box. Lots of times it is cute, other times it is not. I think I have a hard time because he has a hard time trying to explain his thoughts. "um mom, well um, that thing um, mom, um I like that, um thing, mom, mom, mom um mom...." If I don't answer and acknowledge what he is saying he will say mom mom mom mom over and over again to the point of driving me crazy. Or he will repeat something he wants or something he wants to do over and over again until I acknowledge him "mom I want to go to the park" "mom lets go to the park" "mom I said we should go to the park"
In this regard, the CTC sent a message of solidarity to the workers and people who has suffered by the global economic crisis, who are brutally suppressed for demanding their rights for fair work and normal life.
And as you rise above the fear-lines in his brow
We both have boys, and have noticed a severe lack of BOY SPECIFIC embellishments available for purchase, so have decided that we might try to fill the void with our hand crafted unique embellishments.
because they have to re shoot all the scenes with the another actress and will lead to nothing else just to increase films budget.But Genelia D Souza has Vanished all the rumors by saying that she had left the film because dates were clashing with Navdeep Singh’s film which is starring Abhay Deol and it was not possible for Genelia D Souza to do both the movies together. Thats why she had opted to move out of the film Bol Bachchan.
If you're a coupon clipper, now's a good time to head over to your friendly neighborhood Albertson's. From Tuesday through Thursday only, they're tripling all manufacturer's coupons up to 75¢.
On the plus side I’ve just had my eyes tested again and shall be collecting some wonderful RED reading glasses today. *Wonder if their colour might just mean I’ll see this pair before I sit on them…* Oh and I’m off to Manchester in May for some more surgery. Yes that is a PLUS. A big, big, big PLUS! Turns out after my scan last month that they missed a bit of mucin up round m’ spleen. As Francis said, “wasn’t your surgeon’s fault, his arms weren’t long enough” Right dear…..
I don’t have a clue as to what you’re talking about, girl, but I’m with you. Steal it. SERVES HER RIGHT.
Then once I decided not to be as literal, I started looking at the photo in a different way...I was then inspired by the pops of red against the light blue, the patterns of the outfits and how they contrasted so beautiful, the sprinkling of the little gold and green circles along the floor,...and I was inspired...I knew exactly what I was going to do.
Much Luv, Yaz~
A while ago, Dr. Kevin Pho had me guest blog on his KevinMD.com. Recently, I wrote a blog about being in charge of your own treatment. Somehow, somewhere I realized that I’d never advocated for the physician. As a patient advocate, that makes sense; but is it fair? Then I came across this book excerpt on Dr. Pho’s site and I had my answer. I had to give the other side the opportunity to be heard.
When behind a securely
Back to the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, where it shows on page 36:
own circle, a circle closed on the outside; and, with all its elements
The flags flung out from the steeples of churches and from all the
“What a tart! He seems to have spent the whole night flitting from partner to partner,clearly not very big on LOYALTY! But why should that come as a surprise,his behaviour since he joined the BNP was a good foretaste of what these photos show,lots of smiles and running around behind people and then sticking it to them!”
Tell you more about it later.
But WikiLeaks did not stop. On 23 October 2010 the Iraq War Logs appeared, followed by the Diplomatic Cables on 28 October. The US administration managed to get Paypal and the credit card companies to cut off the supply of money in December, but WikiLeaks has not gone away. It was clear that a friendly government would need to be found to extradite Assange upon request of the secret grand jury that has been established in Alexandria, Virginia, and tasked with prosecuting a case against Assange.
"These are little hotties! They keep my hands warm!"
Please join me in making a small contribution to this
- Common sense but if you want to do any celeb spotting, come in the hotter months. I actually really enjoyed the calm and quiet, the comfy temperatures and the non-existent crowds but whatever floats your boat, right? ... I do have to admit, it would be pretty killer to see Kate Moss on vacay ...
Some reports said the unidentified attackers were local people, angry at the disruption caused by the sit-in, which began on Saturday.
33. The Dark and Hollow Places Carrie Ryan
Don’t give them any excuse to filter your application out.
Of course, Tuesday being the Day of Mars (SEE my post, “Powers of the Planets, Part III: Mars”) it is a great day for taking bold or decisive action in your life.
3. new kitchen cabinets & island
5. How I feel coming up on the 14th anniversary of my rape. Every year around this time the nightmares start up again and I hate that no matter what I do, I can't stop them from showing up. It's always the same dream, I'll even recognize that I'm having it and try to change it in the middle of dreaming it and it never really works. No amount of counseling has ever been able to divert the outcome of the dream.
Surely soldiers as experienced as we are with pain, as seasoned as we are in taking unfamiliar and hostile territory, can find that impulse no matter how deeply it’s buried, and break the chain. Surely soldiers who have known the kind of combat we have, can carry that impulse to the surface, watch over it, and give it cover while it heals.
Last, and perhaps most listenable (well, you'll listen to it at least once), is a later effort from The Korn Kobblers, late enough that it's actually credited to Stanley Fritts And The Korn Kobblers. I'm not sure exactly when that happened, but this is the only record I've seen where they're listed as his sidemen. The Korn Kobblers where similar to Spike Jones in many ways, but not nearly so popular. You'll get all sorts of sounds in here, including a bit of Donald Duck. And how can you go wrong with a polka? This is Stanley Fritts And The Korn Kobblers-Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer b/w Santa Claus Polka (MGM 7" 45 RPM K60005, Mono, 1950). Enjoy!
18 min: Bolton and Spurs has just kicked off and Arron Lennon has won an early corner for the visitors: Van der Varrt fizzes it in and Kaboul narrowly fails to get a touch from four yards.
So I feel like I am getting slower every week rather than improving……my running times are pissing me off! Grrrrr. Will someone please make me angry right before my next race so that I can run really fast? Thanks.
All the comparisons with Mogwai, EITS etc. – do they bug you or please you?
In the following piece of poetry, the spirit of Narcissus is reborn as the knight Aaron who is blindly in love with the most beautiful Lady of his times, Andromeda, unaware of the fact that her own best friend and companion Abigail,Echo incarnate, loves him with an unflinching love in life and death.On his insistence, Abigail arranges for his meeting with Lady Andromeda, dying a death in every single breath and moment while she does that.Andromeda, on the other hand, despises the knight on account of the fact that she knows that he loves her and it sickens her that he does so even though he is aware that Andromeda gives not a hoot to him.On this fateful night Aaron comes to her castle, she is possessed by Nemesis, the Goddess of Revenge and her hate for the knight intensifies multiple times.Heres the account of what follows :
But why do I bring this up?
Meanwhile, Frank is having his weekend alone. I am sure he's enjoying every minute of it!
We walked for 15 minutes and found the place called Rumble Tumble. It was £4.50 for unlimited play, and as we were hoping to go back to Waves if the boys weren’t too tired (or at least I was), it sounded good to us.
Delftware tile - Titfer
Next look for the dumbest smart phone apps. Yup. I am stooping that low! See y’all later!
One of their members is Bodegas Paso Robles, which I visited last year, and two of their wines made my list of 2010: Top Ten Wines Over $15. These wines included the fantastic 2006 Bodegas Paso Robles Graciano and 2006 Bodegas Paso Robles Pimenteiro. The owner and winemaker, Dorothy Schuler, is passionate and talented, and I strongly recommend her wines. She is concerned about protecting the Iberian grapes planted in California, and has done her part to promote these fine grapes. Thus, such winemakers, especially when they produce compelling wines, deserve our support.
Many times these past few days I've thought to myself that I never want to be dominated again...I never want to feel him grab my arms and pin me with his eyes. I don't want him telling me what to do or humbling me...I don't want to say "yes sir" one more stinkin' time to another person....just a PERSON!!
Joseph J. Coppo, 47, New Canaan, Conn.
In an amicus brief filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, the Council argued that the BIA misinterpreted both the text and purpose of the regulation.
MarketScout CEO Richard Kerr notes that, for homeowners rates, increases were far greater in wind-exposed areas. “We are carefully monitoring homeowners’ policies in coastal areas as we get closer to hurricane season,” Kerr says.
This is very difficult because I am somewhat of a photo fanatic!!!
Should teenagers who believe they are transgender be helped to change sex? And if so, what about the four-year-olds who feel the same way?
So, for those of you not familiar with Korean drama and want to see what I am talking about.. I have a list of my favorite Korean Dramas that you should check out. Oh… these are found on … either.. www.hulu.com or www.dramafever.com. You must watch at least one.. you won’t be sorry.
You won’t want to leave and forever you’ll stay
Could you email me ( email addy in my profile) Lorraine, with your addy, it's all parceled up and ready to post. Congratulations hun.
SCHLESSINGER: Yeah. I think you have too much sensitivity --
A solid 11 song effort, “War Paint” clocks in at just under 44 minutes. An excellent follow up to “Reach for the Sun”, this record shows that Perdomo and his band mates can continue down a similar lyrical path, but diversify their sound in a variety of ways.
- Levine spewed some knowledge over the past couple of days and had some interesting tidbits-
The equivalent book direct from Lightning Source for the ‘under 200 page’ example costs less than £3. The author prices remain better than the costs from many of Spire Publishing’s competitors. In our example, if the author were ordering more than 50, but less than 150 copies, the unit price to the author would be £4. Spire Publishing give full bulk discount details on their website.
The brutal use of force in Azerbaijan created an anti-force. It buried chances of preserving the collapsing empire and resurrected national movement for independence.
That evening we had purchased tickets to see Mike Birbiglia's comedy show. Before that we had to try another amazing restaurant. Char and Di know all the hotspots. Caracas. Venezuelan food. Arepas. Amazing. Then to the show.
But I'm a Catholic, and I have aspirations to be a serious one, and one of the big things that Catholicism teaches is that with a combination of will and grace, fallen human nature can be overcome. We can rise above our previous selves.
However, the relaxation of the national birth control policy is not motivated by the existing government’s desire to enhance women’s reproductive autonomy, so they are still not empowered to exert control over their reproductive decision-making. As the analysis of the state-centred regulatory model offered in the next subsection will suggest, the party state does not change its strategy to regulate the population by placing control over women’s access to family planning services. Similar to the reason for the Maoist government’s removal of the ban on abortion in limited circumstances, the main reason for this slight relaxation of the strict birth control policy is that at around the start of the 2000s, the state’s population gaol made significant achievements. According to the data on the growth of the national population collected by the National Bureau of Statistics, the natural population growth rate has dropped gradually since the middle of the 1980s (from 14.55 per 1,000 in 1981 to 5.08 per 1,000 in 2006).
Do you know how warm it was outside? About 25 degrees, cloudless sky...just pure sun. The section of the park I jogged in had little shade at that time. I hardly drank any water and I nicely polished off that Slurpee about an hour previous. What was I thinking? After 25 minutes I couldn't go on. I had to pee, I wanted to crap my pants, my stomach was hurting, it was hot and I was sweating a tonne...need I go on? I stopped running and sat on a park bench in the shade to catch my breath. I started to cry. Basically, every good feeling I had from last week's 6km success was completely deflated.
I have slowly gotten more structured over the last few years. A few years ago, I started making 5 year plans that detail the things I want to learn/accomplish/do in the next 5 years in my personal development, finances, spirituality, business, and health.. I update it every year. Then I review it monthly and determine what I can do *this* month to work on those goals. Then I plan my week every Saturday night and add in the smaller steps that will help me accomplish that month's goals.
Paper: Whisper White, Poppy Parade, Buckaroo Blue, Peach Parfait, "Cogsmo"-Cosmo Cricket
DK Boscage Climber Nintendo DS
Specs:
the pained breath.
currency and “create” currency through the Reserve Bank by simply issuing
…has an amazing imagination
The best thing about these jeans (besides the zippers, obvs) is that the white denim is NOT SEE THROUGH. No one needs to see this pale bootie through practically sheer, white denim.
Step 1: Wash green onions well, and cut in the middle if it’s too thick. Slice into about 3-4" lengths.
--James Dashner, bestselling author of The Maze Runner and The Scorch Trials
I decided to take my usual Architect’s approach and follow through on the more onerous option, which was @Clarabel’s. By following her logic I needed more yarn to complete another repeat and the edging, so- assuming my calculations indicated I had enought – I was less likely to run out of yarn in the process. If, at the end of the day, I can cast off and have a chunk of lace-weight left over… well, to paraphrase Dr. Phil: maybe I was right, but at least I can be happy.
8) Kill the Minimum Wage; Institute a Minimum Income
Training - General or specific
I had been dying to colour this image by Crissy Armstrong, Turk In Boots. The tailfeathers I coloured in a deeply-grooved corrugated effect, and the pumpkin was coloured in long strokes of my copics to look like the many little ridges on the surface. And my final bit of texture is in the body of the turkey, which I coloured smoothly with copics then added little feathery pencil marks to look, well, feathery.
Come on, Ladies – we are all women, we are all individuals who have our own values, beliefs, and identities, and we are all simply trying to the the best we can with what we have. With that being said, what if instead of putting each other down, we made a conscious, deliberate effort to start encouraging of each other? What if we put our own personal opinions and biases aside and started affirming one another? I, personally, think that would be pretty damn awesome!
We discovered that the refrigerator ice maker had been quietly leaking under the floors. Under the kitchen floor, under the living room floor, and under the laundry room floor. By the time we noticed something was wrong, thousands of dollars worth of damage had been done. Now, we aren’t unobservant. We’ve had water leaks in the past. But generally, a leak is accompanied by pools of water. There was no water. The only noticeable symptom occurred when our two-year-old hardwood floors buckled. That’s when we knew we had a problem. We decided to start back at square one and rethink this whole project. And I am glad we did.
Oh, and just because I couldn't resist..
“No, no, Esssstifff, you go ahead and vork out your two weeks, and on your last day ve vill have Champagne!”
I love the way you are
You can’t ignore it at all.
Hi everyone! I know my friends in Texas are going to throw tomatoes or rotten eggs at me, but the last 3 days in Atlanta have been sooo gorgeous! Mornings in the low 60s, days in the high 80s, sunny and so pleasant! I found a great little garden at work, outside the cafeteria at the Emory Children's hospital, where I have been taking my lunch each day to catch a few minutes of this beautiful weather and pretty scenery:) Another day I will share a picture of this little oasis...
When I heard that Margaret had died, my first bereft thought was of all those yet unfulfilled desires and selfishly, that I would never get to read her work in print.
Most people will want the iPhone/Android option, but if you’re poor or cheap, try the computer only option to just test the waters. And don’t think you have to listen at your computer. You can run a wire from your laptop to your stereo system, or you can get a digital media server that bypasses the computer and acts like another component in your stereo cabinet.
If I look at which needs Money Mastery and dancing at the Gilkinson’s Ball satisfy, I can see why each is important to me. Money Mastery gives me personal growth and a sense of belonging/connectedness. Both of those figure high on my list of importance. However, going to the ball also gives me belonging/connectedness, as well as variety and a huge sense of significance ( yes my ego enjoys being boosted; my dance card is full !). I feel torn that I may miss some of the seminar in order to feel the belonging and connectedness that getting ready for the ball gives me with my girlfriends, but I also feel I will be a ‘ party-pooper’ by leaving to go to bed instead of continuing on into the night with an after-party so that I can return to Money Mastery the next day to continue my personal growth.
Fermented with McCoy's House Ale Yeast
In all fairness, this didn't come from my brain. The geniuses at Melt Bar & Grilled, a grilled cheese restaurant for crying out loud, partner with a nearby theater to have regular movie nights. They design sandwiches to accompany the flicks. Yeah, they've got serious smarts. For a showing of the movie about the coolest turtles ever, they fashioned a pizza roll melt! Grilled cheese with pizza rolls! Cowabunga, indeed. The ingredients include: "Real cheese pizza rolls deep fried until extra spicy and atomic hot. Rich homemade marinara. Green ooze basil pesto cream cheese. Provolone and Romano cheese." You can add pepperoni. Here's their flyer advertising the special melt:
and finds his famine at my breasts.
Trim the tips from a few of the skinniest spears for garnish, if desired. Slice the rest of the asparagus into 1-inch pieces. Add the asparagus pieces and herbes de provence (or herbs of your choice). Simmer until the asparagus is tender, about 3-5 minutes. Transfer the soup to a food processor and blend, or use an immersion blender, leaving the soup a little chunky. Add lemon juice and black pepper to taste.
Tangle Teezer There are reviews of this everywhere, so I am just going to say OMG I wish this existed when my mother was dragging knots out of my thick mass of hair.
1) Go to Hachette Book Group and comment on a book that has caught your eye on their site for one entry! (THIS IS MADATORY!!!)
I can't believe it has nearly been a year!
dance forever in the gloam.
I'm well aware that as a journalist I should be an absolutist, and as an American I fully subscribe to the notion of the robust marketplace of ideas and all that. But I think these are difficult questions. It seems pretty obvious that Jones is trying to incite...if not violence, then at least rage, and that there's not one redeeming social quality to the act.I disagree. Firstly, I don't think Jones was trying to incite violence anymore than he was trying to prove that the violence is inherent in intolerant strands of Islam. How reasonable is it to murder people over the burning of a book, however sacred? Is human life not holier? We should be able to apply our judgment to the question without being forced to accept an answer that is contrary to all that we believe in.
I'll just come down from my soapbox now. This is probably -- probably -- all I'll say on the upcoming election and politics in general. And, no, I won't argue with you in my comments section.
I am scrubbing down the chicken coop.
They have several colors to choose from.
10. Yarn barf is actually a thing.
I want to say to God. You wanted me to give them to You, so why don’t you just keep them!!! Stop bringing them around me!!
According to The Daily Mail, Manolo Blahnik’s president George Malkemus said in a statement, ‘We were looking forward to the potential collaboration between our two brands, we both came to the conclusion that fall wasn’t the right time. We hope to do something together in the future.’
And I met up again with laser-spin-man, for another virtual spinning class led by television screen.
I decided to mix it up a bit I did traditional salads, potato and green and also a couple new things– a tomato basil and cheese salad and an asiago and artichoke dip with baked pita chips.
The Advertising Standards Authority should extend its remit to include in-store positioning of products and all point-of-sale marketing.
I'm not interested in finding a step-parent for the boys, I think a marriage and separation are a lot to deal with already (I was a single mom when I met my ex-husband; he and I had Seth together). I don't think I want a relationship relationship, just because I can't imagine meeting anyone special enough to introduce to the boys. But a date might be nice. Friends with benefits, maybe?
Not all tears are an evil.
What I did
Google+: www.gplus.to/itpilipinas
Tapping a number two pencil against her smooth chin, Violet answered.
the bottom, a mother in the dark
Another forgotten project is discarded.
"Clyde May, a World War II veteran, returned home to Alabama to farm his land and raise his family. Though Clyde reared eight children, his farming endeavors were not as successful. He turned to the illegal trade of whiskey-making…to help supplement his income.”
Text the Romance Back with Michael Fiore
I work from 6 to 9:30 tonight, so that doesn’t exactly help me. But I’m hoping that I can hurry up and cobble these essays together. I know I will make the 6-page minimum, because I already have 3 pages just from the first essay. And I have to write four more. Or just BS them because I’m so tired of school I don’t want to spend any more time on it. I know I’m not going to get an A on it anyway, because I haven’t gotten anything better than a B in Dr. Harding’s class. I still have about an hour before I have to be to work, so maybe I can at least get halfway done.
spouse - appreciating
"Start punching, dude!" responds Thomas, who was sitting on the ground. When Thomas stands up to walk away, a second police officer hits him repeatedly with a baton. The first few minutes of the altercation are off-screen, but the audio shows Thomas verbally giving up.
America's largest tabletop manufacturer, Homer Laughlin China Co. became the last major domestic pottery with the closing of several major competitors, most recently Syracuse China in March 2009.
I had a bad August.
Put some flour in a flat surface. Divide the dough in two pieces. Form two loaves(10cm width, 3-3 cm thick). Sprinkle some sugar on top. Place them on a baking tray with baking paper.
Take trains for example: These massive amazing machines, designed and built by the Whiteman, cost money to procure, run, and maintain. Trains transport millions of black people back and forth to work everyday, and the fees are comfortably affordable. But -- what does the Kaffir mentality do to these machines when they’re caught out for not paying the travel fees? They BURN them down!
Pour the sauce into the tin then place the meat on top, skin side up. Gather the paper up a little and then make a lid of aluminium foil so that the meat is sealed in the tin.
As for the most important character - considering that it's impractical to travel back in time and bring 1976 Caroline Munro to the present to play Dejah Thoris, I am quite satisfied with the actual casting of the lovely Miss Lynn Collins, who did a fine job as The Princess of Mars.
And he's coming home for Christmas!
“Truly?” he asked in surprise.
I missed so much in the last year and I blame myself.. I won’t ever change that feeling no matter what. As I bare witness to my insecurities and my faults, I leave myself open for all to see the scars of a broken heart by God. He took you from me and everyone else too soon.. Is there anytime that wouldn’t be too soon?
Landau pays a visit to the Russia House, where his briefcase is checked but the guards are not suspicious of the notebooks inside. Pleading an interview with a member of the British Intelligence Branch, he is met by Palmer Wellow, to whom he gives the notebooks. Palmer gives word of the notebooks to his colleague, Ned, who received word of them at the Russia House, his "stubby brick-out station in Victoria."
The actual size of the sleeve when you are knitting it is MUCH smaller than the width of the kindle. Thankfully, Haramis Knits provided enough pictures to make me feel better about my super skinny Kindle sleeve and it’s ability to hold my kindle.
“To the peak?” I ask. He nods. The trail is not wide enough for both horses, so I follow, cantering collectedly until we reach an open field. I bring Gypsy beside and urge her into a gallop. The wind whispers across my face, fingers my hair and whips tears from my eyes. I sneak a glance over my shoulder and see that I am winning. Henry’s horse Todd is slowly gaining but I have more momentum and know that he can’t catch us in time. We race towards the cliffs and I halt Gypsy a few meters before the edge. She is breathing heavily but I can tell she is satisfied that we won.
I imagine I would cook dinner, drive to school pick up and fold laundry better if I was wearing this seriously precious necklace!
I sprayed it again and was in the fragrant garden of roses in the brilliant sun and blue sky.
my journaling reads
Any black man who did not agree with the ANC on this was “under the influence of capitalists”, he said.
What made you decide to focus on writing historical fiction?
Put all the nuts in a bowl. You could roughly chop but I like my nuts whole. I bashed just a few.
you see i am going through a an ugly, painful divorce right now. the man that didn't support me through any of my depression and anxiety and none of my postpartum depression and postpartum anxiety, is also a verbally abusive man.
You can see my work space reflected in my dressing table mirror!
“It was Gareth’s idea,” Alexandre admitted.
On a spiritual and cosmic level, an ‘electric Universe’ — via our planetary umbilical cord to our star; its energetic tie to Galactic Center and through it the galaxy’s electromagnetic relationship with all other galaxies and the most distant stars — can be viewed as a purposeful whole, held together by plasma ropes, braids of light and power transmission lines which do indeed transmit information.
BE REALISTIC!!! Only keep the scraps you know you will use... for example if you cut up 1/2 of a 12x12 piece of paper then you have a 6x12 scrap that can be used on a smaller page, run through a cricut or even to make cards. Don't keep (and I am guilty of this) a random shaped piece of paper big enough for one punch from a decorative punch. What I have come to decide is, if I want to save every little piece is this rule:
So, yesterday morning sense prevailed and a nice admin lady phoned to explain that not only was there no way of getting my notes to the two hospitals as patients are still absolutely not allowed to go anywhere near their own notes without applying in writing, but that they'd also booked me in with the wrong consultant so did I want to rearrange. I did and now I've got an apppointment with the nice rheumatologist in about three weeks time. The difference in the way the NHS performs when poorly paid, and generally poorly treated admin staff have the freedom to use their extensive knowledge and common sense organising skills is astonishing. Focusing on that kind of issue from the bottom up, allowing these excellent and dedicated staff members to suggest practical, locally based improvements would certainly improve both NHS performance and experience. However, no-one in government actually listens to me, or anyone else floating around the 'bottom' of the system because it's really far to important to impose top down, opposed by almost everyone, 'we promise we won't do this' reorganisations.
1 quickens
Golden and brown, as you muse
Each Monday in May I'm posting a check-in status for my monthly #writemotivation goals. This is an opportunity for me to reflect on how things are going with the month and also to communicate with other writers participating in the #writemotivation mutual-encouragement activity.
Well, like I said, I was boarding at my future in-laws. I always grabbed a bowl of cereal before heading to school in the mornings. Well, one day future SIL announced that she was out of cereal but she had made granola for me. Um, gulp! Ok, sure. I didn't want to hurt her feelings so I took a tiny bit. After the first bite, I scarfed it down and took a much bigger helping. Surprise! It was not only good - it was delicious!
Tricia Goyer is a CBA best-selling author and the winner of two American Christian Fiction Writers’ Book of the Year Awards (Night Song and Dawn of a Thousand Nights). She co-wrote 3:16 Teen Edition with Max Lucado and contributed to the Women of Faith Study Bible. Also a noted marriage and parenting writer, she lives with her husband and children in Arkansas. You can find her online at www.triciagoyer.com or at her weekly radio show, Living Inspired.
I’d like to give a wide angle view of the Lord’s Prayer in today’s post. We’ll take a more detailed look in the next couple of weeks.
All KrystalKraft acrylic shapes have now been sold out and discontinued and I am working on removing that page link from all sections.
Tears. Tears. Tears.
“For the first time in Australia’s history people with significant and permanent disability will receive lifetime care and support, regardless of how they acquired their disability.”
Claw ring, Black Oak
Me: Sir, I can’t help you. I’m just a woman who happens to be married to a man named Guy Woods. We don’t have any authority to tell you what to do with your trees.
I was sad to hear today about the death of comedian Gregg Jevin. I met him around five years ago and I was going to write his autobiography. Eventually, it fell through because I could not get through to the real person.
Balance
Each challenge we have two prizes:
Lets say infidelity has invaded your marriage. Your partner is horribly remorseful and you are so heartbroken you are lost. You NEVER thought your partner was capable of such an act. The affair(s) all over. You are being begged for a second chance. You realized that the partner is NOT the person you once thought, he/she DOES NOT have a problem lying to you, this is obvious from the lies to cover the affair(s), he/she obviously has no problem being sexual with another person either. You have faced the facts and you really know the risks now. You see that your partner really does feel your pain. They REALLY seem to feel your pain and they say they figured out that no one else will ever do… What do you do?
2. Coat an 8- or 9-inch loaf pan with cooking spray
So here, my friend, is to the bullet casings on your floor,
As you can see, Dr. DeOrnellas has helped me to understand quite a bit about autism.
since i’m at the office, and share the room with 4 people i can’t really laugh out loud (lol), because i should be, in fact, working.
The building would be constructed on the south campus of its 2425 New Holland Pike complex, at the corner of Geist Road.
I kept my eyes open for my blogosphere friends. I got a tap on the shoulder and it was Julie! It was so nice to finally meet her in person. She also introduced me to Derrek another local blogger. She did great despite the freezing weather! I looked for Bobbi, but with the crazy sea of people I didn't see her. I took a peek at her blog to see how she did and she had one hell of a PR! I ran into a bunch of other people that I knew as well. This is a huge event and it is fun to take part in any way. I may just have to do it again next year.
They all kind-of coordinated, with bits from the Bella paper and Real Red running through each. I know the templates and designs aren't going to win any awards, but they loved it and that is all that matters in the end.
To be honest she is good. I was not quite sure of her abilities, but the girl did good. The problem was the other drivers who seemed to want to pile on the pressures, just because the car had an L plate on it.
Us: LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY.
of Jesus' work complete!
When I knew him, he was not a winner yet but his appeal was growing. He remembered what it was like before girls liked him. And I think that grounded the guy. Maybe that’s what we had in common – I started comedy late and knew life away from comedy.
Last night I went to see my friends’ band The Little Black Dress. They were playing at Rivoli (Toronto) for their album release party. I did a review of their new Album Spotlight a few weeks ago, so go and read it if you haven’t done so already: http://blonderobyngirl.wordpress.com/2012/04/08/spotlight/
Bomb damage was the excuse . But If one needs to see what can be done Visit Prague or Belgrade and even Dresden. Prague they say is beautiful Building wise. And of course some of our market towns. Will we destroy these modern edifaces to the corruption of the NWO. well somewhere down the line maybe. But more pressing needs will be dealt with first. is my bet.
So long Big Man. The scene may be coming to an end but there’s always a gig for you somewhere down Thunder Road.
The voice is very forceful; that appeals to me. I also like that we've got a sense of the stakes and a sense of the choice Hope has to make.
Season ground beef with pepper. Add salsa to meat mixture and combine. Shape into patties. Grill to desired doneness. While burger is grilling, spread bottom of whole wheat bun with yogurt and top with radicchio leaves. Spread a generous amount of guacamole on top bun. Add hot, grilled burger and enjoy.
phase where I managed to work out the issues and accept my new life.
Ooh, that sounds fancier than it is.
I have coloured the image with Prismas and used the blending pen this time instead of Sansador, it seems to make the colours more vibrant. The papers are from Papermania.
Since Devon skipped out, Bri makes perhaps the smartest decision possible: she doesn't put his name on the birth certificate* and gives the baby her last name. Devon is, apparently, pissed when he finds out. He yells at her mom and sister then storms out of the hospital. Unfortunately, MTV was not there to record this for all posterity and I guess D declined to do a reenactment for the sake of the show. Stupid Devon.
“I know who’s going to die, and isn’t going to be me,” I whispered. “Chinese water torture is too good for him. Splinter those bamboo chopsticks--the minute he gets home, they’re going under his fingernails.” I’d learned a few things from my father’s stories of ’Nam. And of course, by reading about the war. After all, I was a librarian. I’d read nearly every book on the shelves. Maybe I’d do a search on torture techniques.
rather exclusive Fairlight. Nowadays samplers are cheap and
Anyway, here you go. Me writing at age 21, but I confess the me at 37 couldn't let the worst bits remain and did edit just a wee bit. But it's 95% the same as then. Okay, 90%.
I found that the easiest and most convenient path to take was to adopt the God of my parents understanding.
It wants the EDL to become political as that way they can ban it, arrest its leaders and send a signal out to angry white youth and patriots that ' the minute you dare protest about what is happening we will smash you and jail you '.
So the first stop of my adventure was the Big Apple a.k.a New York City. Before I arrived to this city I had a image in my head of what to expect. I assumed that the surroundings would be similar to London but bigger. What I mean by this is that the city would be over-crowded by rude and unhelpful people, needing to be wary of crime and what not. So imagine my surprise that New York was the exact opposite and one of my favourite cities I visited this summer.
In my old griefs, and with my childhood’s faith.
In the online dating realm, I’ve heard numerous figures thrown about, the latest one being that at least 35% of all men posting profiles on online dating sites are already married. I know friends who know men who are married, won’t leave their wives, but want to be intimate with other people than their wives. Their reasons? ”I’m staying in it for the kids.” (I have my own opinions about the disaster that creates.) They mention a lack of love and or sex as reasons for exploring outside the relationship. No matter what, these people are not available. Run, far and fast in the opposite direction, lest your heart get involved and be shattered into a million shards of emotional torment. In other words, don’t waste your time.
2) To try and respect other people's things, take care of them. (I always borrowed Mom's jewelry, sweaters, etc...and usually lost them, tore them or somehow destroyed them. ;-( )
Release the healings and see great change
"Huh? I didn't know I was wearing a long sleeve shirt!"
You will then receive this message that gives you the options to either ‘restart’ or ‘exit without restart’. In order for your changes to take effect you will need to restart your computer. When your computer restarts, depending on what programs you have chosen to remove from your startup menu, you should notice it getting to a usable state quicker. There are a few other things that you can do to startup windows a little faster but we can save those solutions for another post. I hope that you find this post interesting and usable. I will continue this issue at a later time in a different post.
cake smash event is.
And those who ancient lines did ley will heed the song that calls them back.
The contrary argument is that these are not “benefits” of the sort contemplated by the case law on Constitution s 51(xxxi) but rather the specific incidents of general regulation in the public interest that the case law is careful to distinguish from a “corresponding benefit”. The sorts of benefits the High Court (with the possible exceptions of Deane and Gaudron JJ) sees as “corresponding benefits” are quantifiable for a start e.g. there is an obvious actual or potential dollar value to the Commonwealth extinguishing a debt (Mutual Pools), cause of action in tort (Georgiadis, Mewett) or a mining lease (Newcrest). Moreover, if it were accepted that the sort of diffuse general public benefits described in the BATA submissions satisfied the High Court’s requirement for a “corresponding benefit” flowing from an extinguishment of property rights, then the Australian approach to Constitution s 51(xxxi) would be essentially indistinguishable from the US Supreme Court’s approach to the “takings clause”. Almost by definition any legislation involves a putative public benefit and could potentially be described in terms not dissimilar to those in BATA’s submissions. It is unlikely that the High Court would countenance such an approach.
A personal bodyguard to the candid and sincere. I like that part, a lot.
1 everywhere
OK, see if you can keep up here. Originally called Bang, Bang, Bang before changing their name to American Bang, the band had a song called "Wild and Young" which was featured as the theme song of WWE's show NXT. Another song on the CD, "Whiskey Walk", was pretty cool too I thought. Well, their lead guitarist, Ben Brown, quit and the remaining trio have formed a similar band called The Cadillac Black. Got it?
A great introductory video on these topics of transgender identity produced by The Gender Identity Project of the LGBT Community Center of NYC is below.
At night you can see a show and that’s what I did. You can buy tickets for half price the day of the show or the day before. We bought tickets for Vegas the Show – general admission tickets. Lucky us, just before the lights went down – some empty seats down in the VIP section beckoned, and harken we did. Like a bolt of BC lightning we filled those seats and almost front and centre we enjoyed a lively family show.
I was getting married and she didn’t like my fiancee, she didn’t like the kind of wedding we wanted to have, she had a problem with everything.
For The Blog:
Because this is awfully hard to do alone.
The play, directed by Josie Rourke, will open at Wyndham's Theatre on 1 June and run until 3 September.
since beginning to write this post until this very word there have been 4 police choppers and the sound of non stop sirens. riots. if you planned to come to KL this weekend, well bummer dude. you picked the wrong one. 100,000 so far are protesting through the streets of KL city center. it's called Bersih 3.0. riots, marches, protests coming from the people of Malaysia who want fair and free elections. apparently they don't get violent, but then they say that and last year the police had to use tear gas and water cannons! so I am steering very clear of that fiasco and having some rnr here at home.
You want to know what happens. Think, eat cayenne pepper. Ouch.
1/4 cup Feta cheese, crumbled
And yet, here we are. Out of that utter peace, from the depths of that desireless ness, for some reason this miraculous pro cess burst forth. Why?
They have never changed, yet My children feel they were smarter than they are and created new meanings which are unacceptable to Me.
It was totally emotional when Heather's dad gave a speech, saying that as much as he loves to sing, he doesn't like to sing in public. But when Heather asked if he could sing "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" at the wedding, he said: "How could I say no to my daughter on her most special day?" So he started singing and there was not a dry eye in the audience. It was absolutely beautiful!
2. Andre Branch DE Clemson
It's time to give some major love to those that keep IHeart Organizing's lights on, and I couldn't be more excited to send them each virtual hugs, smooches and high fives for all they do!
Last weekend, we had a party for the adults in Nikki Dee's life. Then on Thursday, her actual birthday, I picked her up from school at lunch time. We had a hot dog and fries at the chip truck before enjoying ice cream cones. For supper, her parents ordered pizza, and put a candle in cupcakes, so we could all sing again and watch her blow it out more than once.
But instead I draw closer through these times
Runners Up: Graeme Coates with Red Sparrowhawk (this also won a few awards at the Bristol competition in September) and Ingemar Jansson with Slinka IPA. Ingemar is one of a pair of Swedish homebrewers who came over for the competition and a London beery weekend. It was great to meet you guys.
“I was in the Spirit on the Lord’s day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet, 11 Saying, ‘I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.’” Revelation 1:10-11 (KJV)
Vegas or Cancun
Take for an example one of the greatest film directors that had ever lived, Alfred Hitchcock and his 1936 film Sabotage. Hitchcock considered the film one of the greatest mistakes of his career. Hitchcock later said that if you work up an audience’s nerves to a certain degree that the bomb should never go off, or the audience will turn on the film and you. White knuckle suspense will suddenly turn to bitter resentment. In Sabotage the bomb went off. It was a mistake that Hitchcock never made again as he entered the prime of his career, the 1940's and 50's. In 1937, he may have wished he could go back and fix that mistake, but it was too late at that point. So he used that lesson to make him a better filmmaker, going to create the masterpieces of his career. None of which were artistic endeavors, all were commercial films made for general consumption.
Kick the junk food habit. Oh boy. Kevin and I are major junk food addicts. For real. Just this week we've spent an embarrassing amount of money on convenience store junk food (even though we set the goal, um, Sunday). I think this is because we're tired and chips and soda are quick pick-me-ups, but it doesn't help us in the end. It's going to be a tough thing to really achieve for us, but replacing processed junk food with healthier alternatives will be SO good for us.
I used MME Follow Your Heart Papers and embelishments, with a few buttons and a SEI rub on.
Liberal Democracy has been transformed into a police state like Stalin’s Russia or Mao’s China to manage immigration or the importation of cheap labour for the elites. The persecution has been going on for over 50 years and did not begin with Political Correctness but is part of the multi-racialists outlook. It got much worse from the 1960s when the new elites have formed an “Ideological Caste” - membership depends not on blood, birth, or class, but holding the right opinions, and to rise in life one has to conform to their ideology.
The image you see under Fillmore East's cover is
As it was actually Chala's birthday (and despite my having something to celebrate which I can assure you I managed on Saturday), we started in the Forum. This time I dallied with the idea of a half but in the end opted for some waaarn, which is apparently supposed to demonstrate maturity.
The second room, The Holy Place, is where the cohen were allowed. This room had the seven-branched, golden menorah, the Table which had the twelve pieces of Showbread, the incense alter, and a veil at the far end of the room. The entire room was lined with gold, and the ceiling was covered in blue, red, and violet fabric. Cherubim were sewn into the design.
The other day I came across these amazing photographs in Vogue by New York based photographer Martin Schoeller.
So, in summary, I would not advise condemning Christmas as being all bad, but we should be careful not to fall into any of the traps which are commonly associated with Christmas either. Above all, whatever belief you might hold regarding Christmas as a holiday, take some time to contemplate how Christ humbled himself and took on flesh in a fragile human form, so that one day he might be broken for our sins. And then thank him for it.
Tucson, Arizona has some of the nicest weather.
Boehner correctly noted that gas prices have doubled since President Obama took office. But he did not mention that they were unusually low in early 2009 because of the economic crisis, when demand for energy plunged. We’re not sure that the economic misery of those days is worth cheap gas.
Will I still buy it? Most likely because of my love for the franchise and that I want to see Diablo die once more. But I’m sure the game will receive less than a 100 hours of total time. And I expected 1000 hours. That’s how much my hype has gone down. Instead of dreaming of Diablo every day like I expected, I am instead dreaming of Dota 2 and Guild Wars 2. Something has gone wrong indeed. However, I am sure some blind fans will defend Diablo III as the perfect game despite its lack of core features of the franchise.
In digging through the 40,000 pictures I have on file, I found my pictures from that day. For some reason that escapes me now, they were wearing green uniforms (it may have been “Green Night” celebrating recycling and I think we were given CFL lightbulbs as the give-away). I happened to talk to Jesse after the team was announced tonight and he seemed genuinely surprised that someone would driven that far just to see him pitch. He was a really nice guy and I’m really looking forward to seeing him progress this summer.
less a woman who used to be something of a film siren. My father couldn’t help but brag to all his friends that he was Mae Clarke’s gigolo. “Mae who?” they would ask, and my father would reply, “The blonde with Jimmy Cagney and the grapefruit in Public Enemy.” He’d then, to hear him tell it, break into his purported dead-on Cagney, “You know, I wish you was a wishing well. So I could tie a bucket to youse and sink ya.” And then he’d pantomime the smash.
You become the masterful magician (like the Magician Tarot Card) of the elements and interweave them to create magick!
Time to get off your ass Obama!
Lukewarmness
I have wanted to start a group for a long time now, that combines STJ artists and STJ fans who also like to share in creativity and the process..whatever that may be for you (sketching, painting, scrap booking, poetry, etc...).
The Thugs said, “We box.
Through the magic of Facebook, and the fact that I keep in touch with several of my former Hebrew school classmates, 5 members of the Confirmation Class of 1978 were also in attendance. We sat together during services, chanting the prayers and singing the songs to the familiar tunes of our kinderhood, uniting the past and present in mutual celebration.
This year, Holly had an idea to wrap lights around a banister sort of fence on the other side of the room, fastened at a center point on an eye hook. Keith set that up for us.
If you are still on the fence after taking the oath, do not get a wristband. You must be committed 100%. There are no refunds or transfers.
“My kitty!” cried Bantum as all his chickens suddenly began flapping and squawking.
Just to be sure that everyone tagged knows they have been invited to play, go to their blogs and leave them a special comment letting them know, and refer them to your blog for details.
your drifting desire.
That's right. Food is such an important part of our lives that I think it's definitely deserving of it's own little binder tribute!
His speech teacher thought about putting him in a different 1st grade class since he’s in there part time for math. I had to say no to that option, I haven’t been able to figure out the trigger, but there’s definitely something that sets him off in there.
Do you just love a beautiful seashell chandelier? I've been thinking a lot about shell chandeliers lately. I do love them, if they're well executed. This dining room, from the pages of House Beautiful, sports a darling chandelier. The over all effect of the room is light-hearted, relaxed, and just a bit whimsical.
I love success and hate failure so I am pumped!!
For laymen, are all women thus array'd.
10. Hey Little Rich Girl
Thanks again for everything Lindsey! I had a blast with you and will always remember that trip!
These are some of the bags that I recycled at my local grocery store....yes I said some.
Katniss is from District 12, which is very poor. She and Gale hunt outside the district borders, which is illegal, but they are not punished because the town officials like to buy their meat and fruit on the black market. They dream of running away, knowing they can fend for themselves, but know they cannot because their families depend upon them for survival. Katniss’ mother was mentally incapacitated when her father died, and she has been taking care of her 12-year-old sister Primrose for years.
Olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon
07-17 Detroit, MI – Fox Theatre Detroit
“The darkest hour is before the dawn”
It seems that there are certain headlines, certain ideas or themes that are so compelling for some journalists that they will throw all of their critical thinking and basic research skills overboard and jump into it head first. You know the type of article I’m talking about: “Cat Called for Jury Duty” is a classic. Within hours, it’s been copy-pasted from newspaper to newspaper, even though the real story is much less interesting than it sounds (and in this case, a year late at that).
ISBN: 0786838183
In our mind's eye no matter what he does or has done, Giuliani will always be on a perpetual tape loop playing footage of him amidst the rubble of the World Trade Center. I think conservatives are hoping that a Giuliani presidency will be a lot like a movie, specifically the movie Groundhog Day; that is, if it took place on September 11 instead of February 2. In that movie Bill Murray not only relived a single day over and over, he improved over time. Every day he became a better and better person and eventually won the heart of Andie MacDowell (whose acting skills, oddly, never did improve). Imagine a Giuliani who started with how he was on September 11 and just got better. Imagine a President who actually learned from his mistakes. In the movie Bill Murray was even able to prevent bad things from happening before they occurred. After reliving September 11 over and over, perhaps eventually Giuliani would be able to stop a terrorist attack before it happened. After 1,459 days of September 11, maybe we could get it right this time. But then again, that might just put us right back to September 10. I guess what worries some people is which Giuliani would show up on that day?
Mostly we see non-actors in commercials, occasionally in movies and scripted television, hardly ever in theater. A great example is Bruce Springsteen in High Fidelity. He’s a great performer, but that doesn’t make him a great actor; big difference.
Grits remains amazed that Congress and federal prosecutors have focused on baseball players and track stars when the much more problematic use of steroids from a public policy perspective occurs among cops and federal security contractors. Such skewed priorities IMO stem from sheer geek envy of jocks (and likely also undue deference to the security apparatus). Politics has been aptly called "show business for ugly people," and politicians compete with celebrities for the scarce commodity of public attention. Neither members of Congress nor federal prosecutors will ever hurl a fastball like Roger Clemens nor run as fast as Marion Jones, so some insecure pols feel the need to take such public heroes down a notch to elevate their own (oft-sullied) class. Sure, the public policy concerns abut cops and security contractors buying and using steroids from the black market have much more critical implications for the public than whether Roger Clemens juiced at a time when there was no law or Major League Baseball regulation banning it. But investigating those far more serious issues wouldn't get everybody's picture in the paper, at least not as often or predictably as hounding a celebrity from the capitol to the courts on trumped up charges.
‘Is the game too orderly or chaotic?’
To put this in context, I was penniless, no health insurance, struggling to start an herb business. I live in on a farm and wanted to find something to make a living, without leaving the farm. (I had worked in the landscape business for almost 20 years, which entailed a lot of travel and not much time on the farm). By her promoting my lavender wands, I immediately sold a bunch of them.
Back in my youthful days when I spent my weekends at the roller rink, going backwards was "totally rad." Heck you were even still considered cool if you could move backwards using the awkward Figure 8 motion, instead of the more sophisticated method of whipping one foot behind the other.
I grasped an even thornier nettle and emigrated. I had realised that ZA had remained polarised despite the so called "end of apartheid" in 1994. It was polarised five years ago when I left, and it continues to remain so as I write today.
There was a problem, however. NLR has been founded in the wake of the crisis of British Communism following the revelation of Stalin's crimes and the Soviet invasion of Hungary, which had triggered mass resignations from the CPGB. Thus while NLR was a supporter of the revolutionary Left throughout the Third World, it had largely lost faith in the Soviet model and was thus not wholly approved of by orthodox Communists - and most ANC exiles were orthodox Soviet-line Communists. And while Soviet theorists were not hostile to Gramsci - he had been a leader of the Italian Communist Party (the PCI) and had died fighting fascism - nor did they quote him, regarding him in practise as suspiciously liberal and voluntarist.
Sorry for the crazed review about an online store, but as someone who enjoys sewing with knits but can never find any I like, I thought I'd share the tidbit with any Renfrew fans out there.
For the novel, I didn’t feel the “spark” I feel when reading a book. The story was okay, but I didn’t exactly love it, but I also don’t hate it. The characters were easily forgettable. I’m just disappointed because the story had so much potential. Lacks action and movement. I will probably read the next book if I’m given, but I’m not really anticipating it. Good story though.
Without another word I rushed out of the bar. I opened the door and was hit by a burst of freezing air and whirling snowflakes. I stumbled down the snowy street in a daze and tears streaming down my face. Michael Simmons was my father.
Jasmin happened to have her baby shower while we were there too. I have to say, this was the biggest baby shower I have ever been to. Ever. It was catered and there was a DJ. It was a huge party! It was long, too. So, while Gabe spent plenty of time being his adorable self....
LLL: Initiated? A single image – a dream sequence – which became the first sentences of the first draft, long discarded. The novel is finished but needs certain revisions which I’ve planned but will undertake as the serialisation progresses. There are also certain scenes which I cut from the much longer original version and which I may decide to restore in one form or another. As it now stands, it’s about 350 pages in length.
15. . . still stay home a lot & refuse to answer the phone. Watch people on reality TV but rarely speak to anyone.
So is this movie going to take the world by storm? I certainly hope so, and I think it's capable if the filmmakers play their cards right. This simultaneous premiere is a step in the right direction, a surefire way of building up hype before the official release...assuming it gets one. I heard murmurings among the crowd (unconfirmed murmurings, mind you) that different premiere cities were playing slightly different edits of the film in order to judge which version garners the best viewer reaction. If, on the off chance that this proves to be true, it should be noted that I caught the Wichita, KS showing.
To quote the Scotsman story:
LOOK OUT
(note to reader: The Crystal is an irregular, aluminum and glass, deconstructivist addition designed by Daniel Libeskind. The multi story, 175,000 square-foot structure was completed in 2007, and is integrated with the original 1930s neo-Byzantine stone structure.)
out came the boobies!! (More specifically, the dreaded annual squishy test otherwise known as the mammogram!) Yes, I know it saves lives - my own mother is a 21 year survivor. :) Still, the contraption scares the heebie jeebies out of me.
APRIL's palette is filled with pinks, blues, and purples, this month's PPP is perfect to inspire those easter and springtime projects!
Long Shot: Michael Shannon (Lead Actor)
Moving into 2013, it was still far from clear how events would play out, but a number of trends made it obvious that there was little hope that things might improve. Various key trends merit discussion here.
David: A 100'x100' (feet) plot would cost about US$30,000 and the house would be about US$80,000.
I love all things southern! Grits, cornbread, fried chicken, hoe cake, magnolias, dressing ....we don't call it stuffing and the recipe is much different, and PAULA DEEN!! Yes, I love Paula Deen. I love the way she talks, the way she cooks, the way she has a hug and a kiss for everyone she meets....she is the epitome of a Southern Gal!
ABRAMS: Chris Makin’s a forensic accountant. We asked him to look at the BNP's accounts for us, and he was puzzled by some of what he found.
Eowyn Ivey's book has been selected by Oprah Magazine as among 10 titles to "Pick Up Now" in the February issue; by Waterstones as a UK Waterstones prestigious "11" award; as a book to watch by all number of newspapers including The Independent and The Times; will be Radio 4's Book at Bedtime in April, and is already a bestseller in Norway.
The first week I was home my littlest El- Leeland, was so sweet and clingy. Constantly asking me to hold him. “Hold you, Momma?” How can I resist that? But, he is over thirty pounds, so holding him while doing everything else can be a bit challenging. Making dinner, for example is nearly impossible. But, we’ve figured it out. This week he has asked me to hold him less and I think is feeling more and more confident that I’m sticking around.
14. AYOR
And we say, That’s three
I wish those were jetpacks and they’d fly the hell away.
It is only a matter of time before this type of crime escalates off the coasts of West and Central Africa and yields like-wise valuable pickings to this scum of the sea.
Pause briefly to assess the situation, determine what/who will be involved and how to best navigate the situation to decrease the number of casualties to zero. Yep, zero. That is the unspoken paralegal and attorney goal on all days that end in “y.”
People's Aberrant Amber (American ESB)
After one has taken in all the occasional squalls, cleared the storm drains between them, made sure the water levels didn't seep into the floor of one's car, taken the pets out despite their unwillingness to put one dainty paw on a wet sidewalk in order to relieve themselves, and marveled at the fact that the power is still on, what is there left to do but hunker down and stave off ennui as best one can? So, we cleaned house. We played computer games and board games and card games. We got more than our fill of crap teevee-watching in (and I of my own guilty pleasure through reruns online) between monitoring the meteorologist freak-outs on the local news. We cooked and baked. We read and napped. We had to make it a point to leave the house at least once a day, which usually turned out to be at breakfast. I've never seen local breakfast places so devoid of 20-30 minute waits on weekend mornings as I have this past weekend. People got shocked over the past few days, and local businesses suffered, resorting to some desperation on their part to keep customers coming. Not that I blame them. This time of year isn't normally a bad time for retail, but Lee messed with everyone's best-laid plans, including ours to venture out to the beach. Closest we got to that was the aquarium and the Algiers ferry.
A. From war to war to war
To those who feel that the quest for a worldwide grid, a prison-planet, is too great an effort to conceal from public scrutiny, we can say there's hardly any concealment on the part of the elite.
I’ve been pretty gobsmacked at this response. 1 in every 4 women has been abused. 90% of perpetrators are known to their victim. What does that tell you? That your child is at high risk and it could well be someone you know. Now, do you choose ‘protecting their innocence’ or protecting your child?
When Pinot became the “it” grape (should I blame Sideways?), people started planting it anywhere and everywhere, even in areas that were so hot they would make your Pinot taste like Syrah. Now, are the wines from those grapes typical of the climate? Sure. But does that mean they are wines of terroir? I don’t think so. The idea of terroir takes into account planting the right variety in the right place in order to highlight the typical characteristics of the grape. Just because you can grow Pinot in a warm spot to pump up the volume doesn’t mean that you’ve all of a sudden created a wine of terroir.
Why? Underground Love is definitely a beautiful and gentle opening for an EP that was recorded mostly in a apartment bedroom. The soothing music delivered by melodic guitars and marching drums in some parts of the song will make you feel like floating into a peaceful and dreamy place in the air. The vocal which fits perfectly with the relaxing music undoubtedly adds an atmospheric feeling and makes it a very fine track. The best friends duo clearly lead us the way to a next state of contentment with their mature craft. So, take a listen and find out what Underground Love feels like.
Steve finally decided to catch up.
We are fortunate in having a very good landlord. So good, in fact, when I suggested our AC units were - at some 20 years old - a maintenance (and environmental) nightmare for all concerned and could well bear replacing his response was to have them replaced.
Second-quarter professional-level hiring is anticipated to be strongest in the transportation sector, where a net 9 percent of respondents said they expect to make staff additions. This was followed by a net 6 percent of executives in the manufacturing field who indicated they will hire during the upcoming quarter.
They hate it so much, they do not even want to use the word "sex" - that is why they say "gender".
On the eleventh day of Christmas
Polarized has a silver base colour that is filled with multi coloured glitter mixed about. Unlike many of the other polishes in this collection, the silver base of Polarized does not have any colour shifting.
Too Hot Ta Trot
Ferguson Brewing Company (418 South Florissant Rd, Fergusson) The Ferguson Brewing Company is the pride of downtown Ferguson. They’ve just celebrated their first birthday by announcing the fact they’ve begun distribution of their beer around the St. Louis area. Look for their St. Louis Pale Ale and their Pecan Brown Ale.
And the voice. Surprisingly soft. Mellifluous. In almost three decades that was all he had ever seen or heard of Bartleby himself.
I recognized his Mackintosh tartan because I’d passed the overnight train ride from Edinburgh learning about highland clans. His kilt was weighted down with small metal balls sewn into the hem so it wouldn’t float on the surface of the water and cause a stir. He fished a lot and always in his kilt. The red, green and white lines of the fabric intersected hypnotically in the bright sun.
That's it soooo easy! She learned this trick from Cooks Illustrated. It is wonderful and works soooo well! Love 'em!!
Jaxon believes he is having a terrible nightmare until he finds an old friend and recalls how he died. Reality sets in and Jaxon begins to learn the rules of the strange land. He runs into a mean bunch of guys, an unlikely guide and... possible redemption. His quest is to find a certain young woman and steer her away from the path of Destruction that killed him. In doing so, he will need to face the wreckage of his past. Old temptations linger and Dark forces shadow his path. Jaxon has no idea his journey will take him to an abyss of his deepest fears.
Gratuitous Ken Masters butt shot!
I'm afraid I got cross. My husband said weeks ago - "They will string it out until you give up, Ness - querying it will cost you more than the final sum..." and I didn't like to believe that. But now, yup- he was right. The behaviour of the university was simply rude, disrespectful, and I wasnt going to waste my time any more....apart that is from a final timewaster - writing this, to warn writers to get payment UP FRONT in these circumstances. The people with whom I dealt over the anthology, and my stories - the creative people, were really nice. Charming - but they weren't the Finance people, who scatter their emails liberally with indicators of who they'd like to be - FINANCE DIRECTORATE. (Huh? Accounts Dept would do, thanks...) Orwell would love this lot.
10Remove thy stroke away from me: I am consumed by the blow of thine hand.
Choosing the right partner.
GIGI!!! I'm feeling those sparks for you again. Thank you.
We understand that this midwife was in a public hospital with a woman who had planned homebirth. After transfer of care to the hospital, the midwife continued in a supportive role with the woman: the usual practice in Australia when women transfer from planned home birth to hospital care.
I’ll be demonstrating Endnote Web on the following dates and times:
I am grateful that other kids want me around, too.
Every year, after the Christmas decorations are put away, when it is cold and snowy and I’d rather be by the fire, when the sunshine beams in the windows brilliantly, I make a new jigsaw puzzle.
It should stem from a genuine want to see them do better, and it's about MAKING YOUR HELP COUNT. You helping a poor relative financially is going to do more for that relative than donating through a charity to Somalia.
Ingredients: 1 aubergine, 1 crushed garlic clove, 400g can of chick peas (drained), 1 tsp cayenne pepper or parika, shake of ground black pepper, juice of 1-2 lemons (depending on size), chopped mint, 1 tsp roasted sesame seeds, extra virgin olive oil
I could resist the multiflower nature of them, and the first bud is just starting to open into a gloriously bright bloom.
Soon enough, the warm spotlight was touching me and my words were on display to a full house. I was introduced as my Left Side name (definitely have to do that more often). My nerves were on fire.
1 T ground ancho chilie
If thou couldst speak
Sure enough, it pours pretty pale. It's a deep yellow with an orange tinge and a pretty good light tan head. The head and the moderately slow rise of the good carbonation seems to belie the odd clarity of this beer.
I'm looking forward to make pizza on the grill again.
Hey u,
Tricia Goyer is the author of thirty books including Songbird Under a German Moon, The Swiss Courier, and the mommy memoir, Blue Like Play Dough. She won Historical Novel of the Year in 2005 and 2006 from ACFW, and was honored with the Writer of the Year award from Mt. Hermon Writer's Conference in 2003. Tricia's book Life Interrupted was a finalist for the Gold Medallion in 2005. In addition to her novels, Tricia writes non-fiction books and magazine articles for publications like MomSense and Thriving Family. Tricia is a regular speaker at conventions and conferences, and has been a workshop presenter at the MOPS (Mothers of Preschoolers) International Conventions. She and her family make their home in Little Rock, Arkansas where they are part of the ministry of FamilyLife.
The Film Writer’s Association functions as a trade union and strives to protect the rights of its member-writers. The details of the functions of the Film Writer’s Association are available on their website.
I couldn’t see everything so I walked around the house to find a better view. There were two windows on the first side of the house. The first was a window for the kitchen. It was a mess since pots and pans were everywhere. The next window was a bedroom. It was trashed too except for the bed, which had a woman passed out across it. She looked like a typical prostitute. Short skirt and a tube top. I knocked on the window. She stirred and sat up. I knocked again and she turned around and saw me, I smiled. She got up and stumbled toward the window. She stared at me then opened it.
‘What ends up happening when we lose linguistic diversity is we lose a bunch of small groups with traditional economics.
Bateaux mouches
It should be about athletic achienvement and artistry and encouragement. Something to look forward to. If it becomes a chore, if it becomes about winning and beating everyone else, you might want to reevaluate things. These girls don’t just skate together, they go to school together, run into each other at the mall. You want them to bond, to go to the movies together, to have parties and sleepovers together. They’re still little girls growing up, worried about when to wear makeup and jewelry, picking out the right clothes, talking to the wrong boy. They have homework and projects and siblings and family stuff going on. They don’t need more pressure. Skating should be affirming and a challenge but never an obstacle.
I need an everyday in between seasons type wreath because it was definitely time to take down the hearts but feels to early for Easter so I was looking at some wreaths that would work for any season. My faves are below.
My mother would have LOVED this morning, on the national mall, watching the final flight of the space shuttle Discovery. I thought of her often, standing in the dust, surrounded by a bunch of highly convivial folks who, like me, really wanted to see this thing that has been coming and going from earth to space for 27 years, piggy-backed on a 747. We cheered as the shuttle circled the mall. We smiled. We took a million pictures.
Spidey webs MJ and pulls her out from under a toppling brontosaurus, then gives her a firm tongue-lashing for putting herself in danger. It's Spidey's hope that the gruff treatment would throw her off any trail that Spidey might be Peter Parker, and it does. Dr. Connors arrives to talk some sense into Stegron, Steggy calls a pterodactyl and makes a break for it, and Spider-Man follows. Over the ocean, Spidey slugs Stegron, who falls off his mount and into the drink. The Dinosaur Man sinks to the bottom, not to be seen again until a Lizard two-parter in the pages of The Amazing Spider-Man a few years later.
You can help give a mother hope-filled expectations for her children’s futures.
Ohhhh
“Not that you lied to me but that I no longer believe you has shaken me.”—
We were supposed to have our yard sale this weekend, but the weather might not work so that might be put off for another weekend. Time is so short, and there is so much to do. It feels like being in labor!! I feel like I am in transition, the part where you just want to say "Enough,I am going home, I'll have this baby later." That's me this week, I want to say, enough let's forget about packing and cleaning an painting, but like labor you can't just quit, so I will press on. Also like labor though, at the end you get a really sweet baby, this time we get a really great farm! Have a wonderful day and may God bless you the whole day through.
Among his many achievements, he had the distinction of accompanying Billie Holiday on her first recording, as a leader, writing Frank Sinatra’s first hit song, “Oh! Look At Me Now” when they were with Tommy Dorsey’s band, and serving as Bing Crosby’s last musical director and playing on his last recording session. In between, he also wrote songs for Bing Crosby, Louis Armstrong, the Andrews Sisters, Louis Jordan and Nat “King” Cole.
Many of those men to whom Paul spoke no doubt worshipped some sort of god. But their worship was quite different than Paul’s. They worshipped out of convenience. They worshipped, seeking self-gain. They worshipped ignorantly not knowing what. I am reminded of the many on Mars Hill in Acts 17:23. Paul began, “For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD, Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.”
REMEBER: WRITE ON ALL ITEMS " AUSSIE TROOPS PROPERTY "
The nomer ‘coloured’ also includes the one minority in South Africa which has the only ‘first-nation’ rights -- namely the Khoi San peoples. All the other peoples in SA arrived tens of thousands of years after the Khoi-San peoples populated the entire region.
But back to Whitman’s America. What a robust, finely drawn contemplation! What a blessing he made:
I was able to reach most of the Meyer lemons that were left; some can stay on the branches for another week. I noticed that new lavender and white buds dotted the trees. They are amazingly prolific.
Take pan with sausage out of oven and pour batter over and around sausage. Return to oven and bake 30 min, til batter puffed and golden. Serve with Brown or onion gravy.
the missing are called to the circle
As I ruminate on the big and the small, let's write about magnitude and scale. Anything on the continuum is fair game. Leave me a note about your poem and I'll post the results here later this week.
¦ Finally get started on my career (after my degree I only worked for 3 years before having a 6 year gap for babies!!)
WASHINGTON – In an interview released Tuesday by the Christian Broadcasting Network, U.S. Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) told CBN’s David Brody that his Catholic faith played a large role in the drafting of his budget proposal that passed the House by a party line vote last month. Congressman Ryan is the latest member of Congress, including Democratic Reps. James Clyburn and Jan Schakowsky, to claim a faith-based/moral responsibility or lack thereof in supporting or opposing the budget.
Not being a young adult, but yes travelling with my parents - we brisked past the pubs towards the mall and supermarket at the end of the riverfront walk to stock up on drinks (another reason that makes Clarke Quay a convenient place to stay).
A dark shape, silhouetted in shadow, moves amongst the scattered oaks to the east. The form of a red deer stag becomes apparent – russet coat, pale-tipped dark antlers. He meanders slowly beneath the trees, now reaching up, neck gracefully arched, to browse on oak leaves, now bending down to graze. I edge closer cautiously, aware that in recent weeks in Richmond’s sister Park, Bushy Park, several visitors who have foolishly approached too closely have experienced the belligerence of a testosterone-laden stag. But this solitary fellow, perhaps too immature to be clashing his four-pointed antlers for position of dominant male just yet, seems content to stroll nonchalantly amongst the trees. Nonetheless, I keep my distance.
The red lentil soup used to be a huge hit. Bowls and bowls were consumed by toddler and baby, and I took to making big batches and freezing them in single portions. It was so popular that at one point Pía demmanded it every night.
Joseph Jenkins, 47, New York, N.Y.
When I think of Italy, it is food and painting that comes to mind. I love Leonardo and Michelangelo, and also Botticelli and Masaccio and Caravaggio and Tintoretto and many others. I also like pizza and pasta and ice cream.
Pietro Monaco sua moglie Maria Oliverio e i loro complici, 1864)
Until the philosophy which holds one race superior
She is one of the 'Shministim', Israeli teenagers jailed for refusing to serve in the IDF (2 years of national service is mandatory in Israel for women, 3 for men). Here is the reason she gives:
– ICE Chief in South Florida Charged in Child-Porn Case
“The decision to divest Broadcast Communications resulted from a thorough review of our business portfolio, which determined that the business is no longer aligned with the company’s long-term strategy,” stated William M. Brown, president and chief executive officer, in releasing the company’s latest financial numbers this morning.
Demonstrate grace to the world in accord with the grace you expect from the world.
I need to thank my family. I love you more than life itself. Thank you for putting up with all of this. This LOST journey helped my personal growth in so many ways and I hope you can see that. Remember when the hurricane hit in 2004 you had me use Jack's count to five method to let the fear go. We literally had just learned it! Who would have known I'd have to utilize it more than a few times. The LOST story has brought me so much joy. In the end the only thing that really matters is that we truly love each other.
Goat’s Milk Cultured Buttermilk
I was so happy that I got to work with them for a Mother's Day mini-session. Both of these little girls are amazing! They put a smile on my face whenever I'm around them. And mama is a gorgeous lady herself--inside and out.
The critic, it follows, must never set him- or herself up as some kind of infallible oracle. The relationship between critic and reader must always be one of debate. One might invoke here F. R. Leavis's famous definition of the ideal critical exchange: "This is so, isn't it?" / "Yes, but..." All interesting criticism is founded in the critic's beliefs and values, political position, background, influences, and these should be made explicit or so clearly implied as to leave no room for ambiguity. The theorist and scholar can (up to a point) conceal any personal commitment behind a cloak of objectivity. The personal element will always be there (in such matters as choice of material to be pursued and analyzed, choice of premise from which to work), but it can only be exposed with precisely that "reading between the lines" that the apparent perfect objectivity is there to deflect.
Before he could drift off to thought again, Naida had thrust the Canteen in his direction. He was thankful for the action despite not ‘needing’ water. He took it graciously. “Thank you.”
jangly guitar work lost somewhere in an era of grunge and punk rock.
Cleveland fans are in a difficult spot, especially for fans who have followed the team throughout the 1980s. Naturally, any fan of the Browns has no problem rooting for any team that plays the hated Steelers, but it may feel a little strange rooting for the team that sent Cleveland to some of its most devastating losses in the 1980s behind QB John Elway. For many, that might not be a problem, and Cleveland’s sports bars are likely to be crowded by fans watching and hoping for a miracle from the Tebow-led Broncos.
“…..The liquidation of Bin Laden will have no impact on terrorism in the world and still less in North Caucasus: on the country, it will open a Pandora box of extremism.” He in a mood of sub-audition has in fact cautioned that the Pandora Box of extremism is to be opened in Kashmir Valley. Revival of militancy in Kashmir will be fully supported by Pakistan Army. The Russians will encourage the Chinese to take the burden of Kashmiri Islamic insurgency so that the attention of USA is diverted and it is prevented from devising further strategies in Afghanistan and Central Asia. Water scarcity in Pakistan will force army to forestall any federating strategy with India even on the economic front, not to speak of defense and Foreign affairs. However, granting MNF status to India is a smoke screen.
Consciousness is the most striking (and difficult) example of an emergent phenomenon.
Similarly, I feel like with jobs, I've been wanting something that would:
Where do I start? My biggest anxiety is the human race losing the ability to see right from wrong,–the ability to pick up a rock and hurt someone. I look at all the injustice and the crime rates. We are citizens of this world whether we like it or not. We have a responsibility to take care of the earth and take care of the people on the earth. Why and how did humans get it in their heads that it is okay to kill people? These people that are being killed have mothers and family members. The thing that makes us human is kindness. I worry about all the kids in high school committing suicide because of bullying. Did their parents not teach them to be kind?
Other ornaments include the little pinkish shiny ball ornament with Paul’s name written in glitter—I think he made it when he was about six , and the little red velvet bows, bought at Michael’s after Christmas one year for a dollar. They bring a unifying theme to the tree. I say this, smiling, because our tree is, and has always been throughout the years, a hodge-podge of our life. And I like it that way. I don’t think I could ever have a ‘theme’ tree. Mine is a ‘memory’ tree.
get the jingle out of our heads. Apologies to those readers who find the stinky, slinky Mustela putorius furo their equal or that Ferrets are worthy of being a domesticated pet. I should add that there was a GOLD MINE of images available featuring COSTUMED Ferrets -JUST SAYING.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin pans with 24 baking cup liners.
Five months ago
And out it came. The sort of language that I don't even expect from his father and HE'S a sailor.
While sadistic evil rules and triumphs
But I digress. Where was I? Oh, yes - ‘Crime Fiction and Contemporary Ireland’, Maynooth University, March 6th, 5pm. If you’re in the vicinity, we’d love to see you there …
Tempo Runs are your Friend
I took about a 1/3 cup of powdered milk and put it in a container. Then I slowly added warm/hot water little by little while stirring with my finger. I wanted to do a mask so I needed it to be more of a paste rather than liquid. My powdered milk was kind of chunky so while stirring I would try to smooth out the chunks to become a smooth paste.. It worked... but not really. And thats ok.
Hot off the tails of Kourtney Kardashian revealing she was having a baby girl, Jessica Simpson may have inadvertently revealed the sex of her baby. Is it a girl or a boy? The answer is all in her retail therapy!
Cox is wonderful as a man who knows his place in the world and likes to opine on how others should live in it. Lowe is good too, but she has much less to work with, and there’s the crux of the problem. Betty is an incoherent character, a cheap assemblage of all the things men hate women for supposedly being: snobbish, slutty, unfaithful, bitchy, ambitious.
Please read the information below that was sent to me by its primary organizer, Gayle Bull, at The Foundry Books in Mineral Point.
Viper helped me to realize a few different things:
Its taken me all this time to think about what I value and believe in and how best to put that into single words.
Big thanks to contributing artists Scrap Princess, Dave Minor, Melissa Richmond, Jez Gordon, Casteen O'Neill, and Ashe Rhyder!
Our final day was jam-packed. The brother of Cali-born Diablo dancer Jekyns Peláez, kindly escorted us into the green mountains above Valle de Cauca. We piled into the car and zoomed beyond city traffic, ascending onto a single bumpy road, past coffee farms and livestock, to arrive at La Chorrera del Indio, a lush oasis off a splashing river.
Chicken thigh, as much as you’d like, minced
First, the adorable little “kid” Joey Lagano, trying to fill Tony Stewart’s shoes but not doing too bad, of course until he wrecked..that’s okay kid, wasn’t your fault..for a young’un he’s not a bad driver..not bad at all..so look out vets!
Click on the button below to check out the other wonderful I Heart Macro pictures!
As parents we are doing the best we can!
A friend of mine asked about my feelings on the iPad vs. Kindle debate a while ago, and I've been meaning to do a write up of the differences between the iPad and the Kindle as far as academic reading goes.
McCartney gibes aside, this is a great song. Gorgeous melody, and the piano/timpani combo gives a nice weight to the music, a nice complement to the sweet lyrics. Glenn Gass did note that the song's chorus:
Must say my first experiment with pear cake came out really well. All soft and fluffy. And it melted in the mouth just like a good cake should. My best cake so far. It went very well with chamomile & spiced apple tea.
So, admittedly this is all very speculative at present. Why go over it? Because liberals know they have nothing to actually run on so they’re trying to kill the hope of Obama’s defeat early on and ruin Romney’s momentum. Don’t fall for it. Actual poll numbers show Romney is doing well. This is not over, but it is in our favor not theirs.
Spouted out that liberty
In One Hundred Years of Solitude, TOM SYKES sees the genius in the chaotic (ir)realism of Gabriel García Márquez’s Third World literature of protest
But there are plenty of other Almondine treats beckoning for a return visit: chocolate chip cookies, financiers, chocolate fondant, madeleines and a killer looking cupcake to name a few. It will be a happy autumn day when I go back under the bridge, settle into the wee bakery on the cobblestone street, and break out the chocolate barometer once again.
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Loft
Arabs have to understand that the world does not revolve around their race or faith and that people in obviously neutral space have the right to express themselves. Those who are religiously sensitive perhaps could demand Halal Zones where no-kissing rules apply, or no Muslims are allowed but this is a private establishment so no controls or expectations much less with violence can be applied.
First, let’s briefly talk about whether the Bible supports talking about the resurrection with non-Christians.
Musical Blankets: Each child brought a blanket so we laid them out in a circle. As music played, they walked around the blankets. When the music stopped, they found a blanket and snuggled into it. For 4-year-olds, I did not take a blanket out; we just repeated. For older children, you would want to play the classic way.
For the last 100 years, and in America, at least, quilting has had a much more open history of sharing, teaching, and community service. A group of women often formed quilting bees to collectively quilt quilts for each others families. They didn't mind quilting Sue's daughter's quilt because they knew one day Sue, and maybe even her daughter would help quilt one of their quilts too.
Our politicians lie to us with a straight face, insisting that we all benefit from immigration, that immigrants are the main victims of racism, and that what is happening to this country is not doing untold and possibly irreparable damage. Shameless falsehoods which even they can not really believe.
RIGHTS2WRITE
In-car digital video recording leads to 60% reduced court time and legal liabilities, plus 93% of complaints from people against officers can be dismissed with proper video*! There’s especially a huge demand to have this kind of evidence in the U.S. because the litigation rate here is higher than any other nation. So for those occasions when things inevitably end up in court, you’ll have concrete ways to dismiss complaints and have more solid proof of the plaintiff’s offenses. This way you can protect your police force while keeping them out of court.
"Like showing us your culture."
Phillies
I pulled out one of my new MME 6x6 paper pads which are perfect for creating cards. I used the Scrapmatts Ornate frame and backed it with pp to frame my sentitment then used some of our versatile new flowers, which I inked to match the paper and layered. I then inked and highlighted with Kindyglitz some of our new Leaf chippies and of course I had to add one of my favourites the little Butterfly chippies.
his daughter’s age
One wonderful lesson that I stumbled upon was "Glitter Germs," which I found posted on the blog titled, "Little Miss Kindergarten." I loved her activity so much that I had to try it out myself! So I emailed the author of the blog, Mrs. Coe, to find out a few more details of how to mix up her "Glitter Germs," because these details were not included in her post. She told me that she took some regular hand sanitizer and then purchased some make-up glitter at a beauty supply store. (I found mine at Sally's Beauty Supply for just one dollar!) Mrs. Coe told me that it is important to use the very fine make-up glitter because that way, if it gets into anyone's eyes, it shouldn't hurt. She simply mixed them together ahead of time. I only mixed a little bit in my hand at a time, though, adding a little bit of sanitizer and then dumping a little bit of glitter into the palm of my hand afterwards. I encourage you to also read Mrs. Coe's post to see how she did it, as I know that it was done in a slightly different way. In any case, here's the activity, the way I did it:
Now, I thought the movie was pretty impressive, especially the fact the director M. Night Shyamalan crammed a whole book into 2 hours. The movie was pretty violent too. But, whenever they would get ready to shoot a move, it would take about 8 seconds to pose their move and then attack. The only fast moves were the Fire attacks. But, earth, water and air was pretty slow. I was starting to wonder how come the Fire benders couldn’t attack while the other benders were taking time to pose. Lol. But, I would understand why they would have that minor difficulty. It’s really hard to show bending effects in real life. Another thing, Zuko looked like a Indians. And so did the other Fire benders. I really hated the fact they were all Indians. Zuko was actually supposed to be Japanese. What the heck? I really disliked the fact they put race-bending in the movie too. Than, at the end they said in prediction they would make a new Avatar about book 2. I was really pissed off about that. I’ve already seen all books. You expect me to see the movie 3 times and spend money too? That’s like the stupidest thing they could’ve come up with. But, my mom was going with it.
I have been praying The Prayer of Jabez for years, that God would bless me indeed and enlarge my territory, that God would keep His hand on me and keep me from evil that I might not cause pain. I don’t believe this prayer has been in vain, because my website has now reached 20, 000 views, and God has hopefully increased my sphere of influence with the publishing of my book. I have certainly been blessed, and my territory has certainly been enlarged more than I ever thought possible. God has kept His strong hand of mercy on me throughout my life and has certainly kept me from doing evil on several occasions though in my humanness, I certainly wanted to. If you have not read the classic book “The Prayer of Jabez, I highly recommend it as it is one of the best books I’ve read and its premise was one of the great spiritual steppingstones in my life.
I requested to be put on the ‘available anytime’ waiting list. This was in mid-December and I knew with my luck that I would likely get called in on Christmas Eve at 4am when I was 3 hours north of the city with my family. I didn’t care. I would take any appointment I could get! I received a phone call only 3 days later asking me to come in on a Monday morning, a week before Christmas at 3:45am. I practically fell off the chair with excitement and I’m pretty sure that after I got off the phone I cried with relief!
Chakra is from Sansrit and it means wheel. I see them as energy protals in our bodies where power resides. There are 7 major chakras: the 7th is base of the (spine), the 6th is lower (abdomen) , the 5th is the (solar plexus), the 4th is (the heart), the 3rd is the (throat), the 2nd is the centre of the forehead (third eye), and the 1st is the crown of the head.
Yet it's the presence of Logan Richardson that makes the album essential for listeners not already heavily invested in Kansas City's scene. The brilliant saxophonist appears on five of The Ship's nine tracks. Richardson's innovative soloing on "Ease Back" is the sort of next-level stuff that fans of adventurous jazz dream about. Rather than merely admiring Richardson's improvisations, Herman acts as an electric Charlie Haden to Richardson's stunning Ornette Coleman.
7:00 am- last minute check to make sure I packed the kid’s current sporting practice gear, backpacks, lunches (which J and Sassafras are responsible for packing themselves), and J’s fully stocked toddler bag.
She woke up and announced, "I am ready to go to the doctor today...but I am NOT getting a shot".
I wish I had read these tips before joining critique sites and critiquing. I often took the tone of the last person who critiqued me and it wasn’t until I had a couple of good critiques myself, that I learned what I needed to do. And I’m still learning!
With Argento's trademark visual style, linked with one of his more coherent plots, Tenebrae follows a writer who arrives to Rome only to find somebody is using his novels as the inspiration (and, occasionally, the means) of committing murder. As the death toll mounts the police are ever baffled, and the writer becomes more closely linked to the case than is comfortable.
She would also like to know where her pursuers are. She wishes that she would be able to use one of her psionic abilities to detect them, but she isn’t powerful enough to do so. They are too far away. Not even Crow would be able to detect them psionically. It’s just how psionic abilities work. Entertainment venues such as movies, television, and comics have glorified psionics, making them out to be more powerful than they really are. Reality is a different story, even though Shannon wishes otherwise right about now.
The chess game between U.S. and Cuban officials continues today at 4pm when Blitzer interviews spy-diplomat Josefina Vidal, the Head of the North American Division of the Cuban Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The pattern is from Pam Palmer's Tatting Treats Two. I see Deb Arnold is selling it for $15.00 and I'm sure many of the tatting vendors also still carry it. Don't be swayed by the Amazon used copies for $38.88. I'm finding any book out of print that deals with lace is being sold for atrocious prices so make sure you shop around. I'm pretty sure Zig-Zag Corner's Tatting Corner also carries it for the normal price.
Rites, initiation, differentiation and association
…because our kids learn about God and get to practice it as a community without feeling shy about who they are. Today, Manarat International’s Primary Section had a Spring Presentation. There were a few different items in there. The most fun was perhaps the presentation where kids from various countries dressed up in their attire and performed cultural dances. TJ was in the “Being a Muslim” presentation. Here is a picture of the event and the poem, itself. This is the first time when TJ has worn the full Saudi attire – thobe (ankle length garment), shumagh (checkered scarf) and igal (the black rope like material that keeps the shumagh in place) although TJ has worn the burka before for his older sisters’ video.
1½ cups vegetable oil
It’s almost like a portion of the Republican Party has decided that since women have gotten the ‘right’ to vote, they’ve gotten kind of ‘uppity’. So men will have to step in and decide for them re:their reproduction and basicly sex practices in general.
She even said to me, “You need to be more sensitive, Mitchell.” Mitchell, not Mitch. Like I’m hanging on her apron strings, not her husband and provider. Ok, the shop fired me because I came in drunk too many times. It’s her own damn fault, she’s makes me drink.
Combine water and sugar together in a huge deep pan on a medium heat and stir continuosly till sugar is completely dissolved.Boil the sugar syrup for 10 mins and turn off the heat.Add cardomon pwd and rose water and set the syrup aside.
Their lyrics were packed with goofy couplets, in-jokes and pop-culture references. And each of the Beasties cultivated distinct personas and vocal deliveries that meshed well together and could stand alone.
30. Rodney Howard-Browne, The Coming Revival, (Louisville: R.H.B.E.A. Publications, 1991), 6
No doubt SOME chemicals from this factory explosion are going to be in any precipitation falling from this storm. How much? What substances? No one knows.. best to be safe and know this occurred and that it COULD POSSIBLY be in the rain, snow, sleet, hail, or fog.
When I was over at a friends house looking at her baby's nursery I saw in the closet clothing size dividers. She told me she got them at Babies R Us for $10- so I checked...sold out in blue AND green. Well, not to be discouraged I figured it was something I could make myself on the cheap- and I did! I picked up my supplies- blank closet size dividers (eBay seller, $5 for 20 of them plus free shipping!), scrapbook paper (5 for $1), vinyl sheet for the letters (already on hand), Mod Podge, some scrap cardboard, and a foam brush.
We eat one dal (pulses) dish almost every day. Here is an earthy dal preparation using green-gram dal and brinjals. You may also choose any other vegetables that you may have handy, viz., cabbage, french beans, ridge gourd, snake gourd, potatoes, etc., with this recipe.
All this is fast, you'll be surprised at how slow the clock is ticking!
And as a fun aside, my absolutely amazing hubby is a songwriter, and is participating again this year in February Album Writing Month (aka FAWM), wherein music artists race to complete 14 songs in 28 days (and this leap year they are going for 14 1/2!)
Virtually every nation with a minority population is heading in the direction that has destroyed the financial sovereignty of America. Of all the mementos passed from one generation to the next, it may be readily stated, with complete accuracy, that the one thing blacks pass on to their children is a lack of personal responsibility: Without personal responsibility society fragments into a miasma of hopeless dependents.
2) Award 15 of your favorite or recently discovered blogs and let them know you nominated them. They will then award their favorite blogs.
Do not touch that last paragraph. It's perfect.
4:05 pm EST: Check out this SP-500 Weekly Candles Chart with the MCAD shown below the price. When the weekly MACD cross above zero and is pointing higher at a 45 deg angle, you should be looking to “buy the dips” as the SP-500 upward price movement has good momentum that could last 2 to 3 more months. Which in this case, would carry the SP-500 price to my 1400 to 1440 price target for the conclusion of P1-C3.
Kade takes Mel away for a romantic getaway and leaves Uncle Maddox alone with baby Finn. The Omega of the Redwood Pack may be adept at emotions but the idea of a baby may be beyond his immense capabilities.
That the wise would later reprove.
Brooks doesn’t look good at all. His eyelids are very red and there is red under them. There is a rash all over his body that is most likely strep or staph. This all started with a simple diaper rash he couldn’t fight off because of his weakened immune system.
2/ (tues) fisherman jacket by Tibi, blue sweater by Vanessa Bruno, floral jeans by Citizens of Humanity and PS11 bag by Proenza Schouler
09) Global Probing
The top issuers of mortgage securities without government backing in 2005 included Bank of America’s Countrywide Financial unit, GMAC, Bear Stearns Cos. and Washington Mutual, according to trade publication Inside MBS & ABS. Total volume for the top 10 issuers was $672 billion. JPMorgan acquired Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual in 2008.
The American flights of fantasy, not only convince their own serfs into countless "good" wars, but are used to cover up their own crimes and manipulations while war profiteering at every step.
system of this world will take you up for only a short while. Permanent success
Ah…serenity! During my career as a teacher, I seldom experienced serenity. But when opportunities were presented, I took advantage of them. In Iowa, when citizens are going to face ice or snow that make road travel perilous…Voila! A snow day! Having a day off from school is as welcome to teachers as to students.
Nor have I landed in a chortling heap
Challenge 203 - Pink Valentine
Given the manifest problems with current testing (states cheat to get around No Child Left Behind, schools cheat to avoid being closed down, not all subjects are tested, etc.), education “reformers” have hung their hat on value-added testing to restore their preferred model of “accountability.” The L.A Times (in)famously ran a searchable database of value-added scores in the LA Unified School District to “shame” administrators and teachers unions. The problem is that even value-added tests don’t work and provide wildly inconsistent results. As a study by the EPI found, “across five large urban districts, among teachers who were ranked in the top 20% of effectiveness in the first year, fewer than a third were in that top group the next year, and another third moved all the way down to the bottom 40%.”
It was beautiful there - I was close enough to the side of the road so I didn't have to worry about being smushed, and close enough that I could (sneakily) people-watch. It was a sunny afternoon, clear and crisp. (This would be an entirely different post had I spent the time waiting for Galahad wet and shivering.)
I had to be a secret squirrel, as no one was left looking after the home front, and you know what they say about putting info out onto the internet! I didn't want to come home to either nothing left at my place, or a family of 10 who had moved in and made themselves comfortable!
1 tests
Tshirts: we all have them, we all wear them, we all store them in boxes, drawers, closets waiting to do something with them. An easy project is a pillow, but the best is a tshirt quilt. I have been researching the topic on the internet and have made serveral myself for family, commissions and friends.
But the highlight of the trip has been by far the visit to Titanic Belfast, the brand new exhibition centre and largest tribute in the world to the stricken liner. The building itself was so impressive, made up of 4 bow-shaped sections, each the exact height of the hull of the ship when it was being built. You honestly cannot get enough of a sense of the height until you are right by them.
and i find there is quite a bit of frustration that accompanies this travel. although, honestly? most of this frustration is not at my toddler.
Let us begin by discussing the state of man and the world before the Fall. A right understanding of this pre-Fall state is actually essential to a right understanding of the meaning of Christ’s death on the Cross. We have to understand what Adam fell from in order to understand what Christ restores us to.
Stray slender pine trees and fragrant flowery bushes
“Did that really happen?” Geoff asked. Trent stuck his hands in his pockets and fidgeted, and he did pull out the fingertip that he cut off.
Oh...I've had it up to here!
M.S: I did a great deal of research over the decade I spent writing the book. I visited the historical milling district of Minneapolis and walked up and down Summit Avenue in St. Paul. I visited antique stores to physically hold the sort of objects my characters would have had in their homes. I interviewed my husband's Flemish grandmother about her experience of the First World War. For a while, I collected WWI era postcards.
Some people may wonder if I'm not wasting my life. Most days I would concede that some people might have a point...
My next big goal is to be like Temple Grandin someday and go around speaking and teaching like she does.
Ms Alexander happens to be black, and she does not have a criminal record and no background issues except for a violent person in her life from whom she had little or no legal or police protection. She buys a gun (exercising her Second Amendment rights), a license and permit. She is at home and fully within what may be perceived as her right to protect herself from a violent and abusive estranged husband.
We’ve been talking about getting a puppy for ages, but the time just seems right. We’re still talking about it, but things are looking good. Hubby found a few puppies at a local shelter – German Shepard/Spitz mix and they’re really cute. We’re going to be going to look at them on Tuesday so we’ll see!
Paper: DCWV Green Stack, DCWV Performance Matstack, DCWV So-So Sweet, CTMH Kraft
Join Veronica and make a family heirloom album. Class will be using the October Afternoon "farmhouse" collection to make an "antique" dresser filled with your family photos. This album is sure to be a treasure for generations to come. Supplies: please bring basic kit and the following: paper piecer, liquid glue, glue dots, pop dots or mounting tape, cats eye or versa mark brown ink. TH Picked Fence
And there shall come forth a shoot (netzer, <U+05D5><U+05B0><U+05E0><U+05B5><U+05E6><U+05B6><U+05E8>) out of the stock of Jesse, and a twig shall grow forth out of his roots. (Isaiah 11:1, Hebr/Eng Bible, JPS 1917)
“I just did my taxes, and I’m getting back $150,000. And people say you can’t do your own taxes.”
AG Place: 492
Maggie 86
We reluctantly eschew the equally astonishingly cheap towels, cushions, candles, tupperware and tin openers because we can’t think of a reason to buy any of these – much as we’d love to, even if only to marvel at their low cost every time we use them.
The afternoon session can always be a tough sell, when everyone has a full tum, but a Q&A panel discussion was the perfect choice. It is fascinating to hear different views on why we blog, for the most part it is financially a thankless task, but rewarding in many other ways. For me personally the buzz is when someone cooks a recipe I have shared, or learns a new technique. Or just has a chuckle. Everyone has their own inspirations, hearing so many different approaches reiterated to me there is no one fit, as the song says “you cant please everybody so you’ve got to please yourself”….or something along those lines!
But God will not be laughing at me when it comes to my holiday. I have done zero per cent planning. I got some great advice from Emily- but apart from that, I don’t know anything else. I plan on printing out a bunch of things and read them on the plane. I hope that’s going to work to my advantage…
Anyway, it is not the technicality that saw “the reverend” walk free that’s dragged me from my deep slumber, nor the crashing markets of Wall Street, Ike, alleged bonkings of the Bok coach or the third straight decent Spur ad in a row. No brothers and sisters, I stand before you today a shadow of the semi-interested scribe I was before but, hey, at least I am awake – and it’s all thanks to the “historic power sharing deal” signed in Harare.
My wonderful sixth grade language arts teacher, Ms. Brooks, once imparted to us that yes, there were indeed times when she said "shit," which shocked and amused us at first - ooooh, teacher said a curse word in class! - but in that particular case she was making a point, that just because she stands in front of a blackboard talking to ten-year-olds all day doesn't make her any less human.
The third album will be called "The Endgame" and will be released in January 2012.
Lt. Gen. Babakir Zebari estimated Wednesday that it will be another 10 years before Iraq’s military is able to cope without help from U.S. forces.
Here’s a prime example of what we want to have growing all over the place. Not necessarily bergenia x schmidtii (Elephant’s ears), Tulbaghia violacea (Society garlic) and Helleborus foetidus (the delightfully named “Stinking Hellebore”) but carefully chosen water wise and suitable edible food plants for our edible food forest. These plants are forming a mass of green mulch that keeps moisture in the soil. I am not interested in clean lines in my garden, I am more interested in being able to keep the moisture in the soil and constantly increasing the nutrient quotient of our denuded dirt. We are using permaculture principals and weaving in any and everything that makes sense and that will assist us in what we want to eventuate here from all sorts of integrated natural systems. This is my nest and this little black and white bird is going to feather it however she sees fit. Some things will work, some wont. Swales would be a nightmare here as we can’t dig our soil thanks to masses of volcanic rock. Thinking outside the box is our newfound strength and we are using our horticultural knowledge and scavenged information from the 4 corners of the globe to effect change
I added some brushed nickel knobs I had left over from a craft project from years ago. New faucet in a brushed nickel with a gooseneck is being ordered soon!! The toilet paper roll holder is from Home Goods, $10. It is currently receiving mixed reviews. It is the one-sided mount style. Everyone likes that it is easy to take on and off...especially my 2 year old.
I saw Titanic 3D last weekend, and I can't get Kate Winslet out of my head. She does such a great job as Rose. I spent the first quarter of the film unable to get over how ridiculously young Leonardo DiCaprio was, and then I spent the rest of the film unable to get over Kate Winslet's acting.
Either way, the look on the face is priceless.
The protagonist of the book is running for the top position at the Bank and has to fight a rival to get there. The story revolves around this fight between two ambitious individuals and takes us into murky politics of power in Banking industry. But the beauty of book for me was not in the main story. There were many sub-plots and details about various functions of Bank which made it more interesting for me. There are two specific things which are still fresh in my mind about this book.
Sadly, we are no strangers to the concept of re-recording. To date every single recording we've done as a band has been scraped at least once and then re-done. It's an ugly streak but at the end of the day we rather have our record come out 6 months later than have a finished product we are unsatisfied with. Sometimes these things happen for a reason.
Olive’s list? Par for the course:
Not for Akian’s dad. He has put together a video that includes the actual recordings taken that day at school. He has also put together a website.
~~Juju
Check out some of the fondest memories Sarah Lee has from over the past two years with Nick…
Many of us spend a great deal of time and effort trying to find the best strategies to supercharge our eBook selling projects. We find out everything we can about optimal auction start times, listing strategies, pricing techniques and more.
“Can’t remember,” I mumbled just as the flash of a girl in pink satin swaying nervously in my arms shook me. I smiled. “She wore a pink dress. I remember that. And I was so nervous, I thought I might throw up.”
Allegra or Allie is a summoner and is good at her work but it can get annoying especially when she thinks a spirit is trying to make time with her. Of course she didn’t know at first that he was a Dark One named Christian. Christian wants his Beloved and knows she is out there and with Joy and Roxy’s help he will find her in Allie. Of course they will have to tell Allie that. There will be troubles convincing her of this new relationship.
Regular adjectives are easy:
What’s most disappointing about the book, however, is the testimonials. Perhaps I’m spoiled in that I edited and work with some of the best writers in North America at my job and actively read the New York Times, but I’m embarrassed to read some of these pieces.
4. Across the River- Bruce Hornsby and the Range
How good you are is supposedly measured in votes, clicks, awards, views, badges...
The lesson might be, although claimed not to be, that theists are easily fooled, i.e. not all that bright. Atheists, the lesson might be, although claimed not to be, get it right because they are bright enough to analyze things.
Finally, last year at this time, I wasn’t suffering from bouts of depression. My mental health was stable and life was very good. This year has been a struggle with job loss and other stresses but I’m on my way back to this happy girl.
Myth 4: You lose most of your body heat through your head.
Get creative today doing this…
½ cup (113g) sugar
- opportunity to close gap between current and desired performance
I fear that things will never change and that I will just be living in this house forever and watching everyone around me grow- including my boyfriend who is getting promoted like crazy all the time at his corporate bank job. I'm so proud of him, but if I can't contribute it might be a while until we move out. And I don't want to get to an age where I have to chose between a career and being a mother. If I have kids before I've established an identity for myself in a career, I will always feel a little incomplete.
Or what about this gorgeous green chair?
I am told by the experts, namely Google et al, that the gestation period for Humpback Whales is 12 to 16 months. For elephants it can be as long as 2 years.
The wave breaks about ten feet in front of me, and I had about 10-12 feet, like ceiling high or more, of white wash coming toward me. I pushed down into the water super hard and tried to time it to avoid getting annihilated. I got bounced around pretty good, but somehow managed to hold onto my board.
As a matter of fact, I think it is time to look at the leadership/structure of USATF in total, because looking at the breath of the job description that has been developed for the CEO position, it really is too much for one person to accomplish. When you look at all that needs to be done, however, everything outlined in the job description needs to be accomplished, and more if we’re truly talking about BUILDING the sport in this country. That’s why I’ve come to the conclusion that now might be the perfect time to restructure USATF – because it’s really the job for a TEAM of individuals as opposed to a single individual.
“Just when we thought things were getting better, with the unemployment rate below 8 percent, something like this hits,” he said.
The astronomers' findings are being published in Astrophysical Journal and were announced by the National Science Foundation on Wednesday.
Rockefeller family (Jesuit cohorts) and is a past Chairman, Deputy
I should cry I should scream and get down on my knees
When Tusshar spoke to reporters about the trailer, all he said was, “We have a bold trailer and we are going to deliver what we are promising. It’s going to be funny and audiences are going to laugh their heart out. When they go home, they will feel light and happy.”
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
OLDER READERS will remember how, in the 1980s, Samuel Smiths introduced a beer called Tadcaster Bitter which was paler, hoppier and a little less strong than their standard Old Brewery Bitter. When well kept, it could be very good, but unfortunately it wasn’t well promoted and Sams’ conservative customers tended to stick with OBB. So Tadcaster Bitter began to suffer from a vicious circle of slow turnover leading to poor quality which further deterred people from drinking it, and after a year or so it was withdrawn.
VIII. Few people were tall enough to embrace the thumb with both arms.
#4 Cinderella
She thinks she looks "pretty" anytime her hair is in pigtails or has any embellishments, if she's wearing a play necklace, or wearing any kind of dress-up clothes, or dresses. She's definitely girly, but still likes to run with the boys.
Two against nature indeed. Falling in love makes you vulnerable….. exposed…..helpless….love isn’t something you can stop….so yeah….fight to control it and it will evaporate …just like that…….
Nico and her parents left to take a trip to Alaska the morning of the murders. Their flight left at six-
Summer is here. I don't quite remember when it came, but at some point it finally did. My boyfriend is hot, I'm starting to get my shit together, learning more about love and life and how not to be a confused, selfish bitch, and meeting new people. I've got a couple of goals for the next couple of months; working on design work and my novel (the same one! I've kept to it... ).
7. Spending quality time with my parents on Sunday
Revenge and Resurrection in a Frozen Wasteland!
~Winston Churchill
this claim is without peer
Change and conflict management will continue to be the most difficult things for global businesses to control. Living and conducting business in a world of virtualized management, you must rely on building trust and loyalty. Seeking to understand facilitates trust and builds a better team, which is really the recipe for creating value. To do this, you must work toward understanding the local issues, and demonstrate decisiveness and compassion.
It's not very often that I'm happy with the cards I make, but I was really pleased with how this turned out. I think it's because I took my time over it and spent a few days colouring the image. I do love all things French, so maybe that had something to do with it too, lol!
This is a rather queer affair
Freakin’ eggs are not dessert food! And I don’t like the sound of custard. I put down my spoon.
THIS Week. A slight improvement for me. 3/7 although I was not helped by knowing little about women’s hair and nothing about Wild Things. What will you score in this week’s quiz?
We call these people “fashion forward” or “rockstars.” They are usually closely tied to the music industry. These are the people that Zig when everyone else is Zagging. While we may think they look weird, we also envy–and are attracted to–their confidence. Everyone loves someone who makes “breaking the rules” acceptable. That confidence is what will make their fashion the “next big thing.” There will always be a place in fashion for this individual to make new things “cool.”
Bucs and Rams are big winners of the first teams with improving their teams greatly.
It started with market-led interventions in education. Lower socio economic groups both underperform educationally and are underrepresented in the best schools. A Conservative solution? Expand the academy and the free schools programs. Why? Because, as they have the most to gain, it will be disadvantaged and minority communities that will make the most out of these opportunities for more freedom in the setting up and running of schools.
So what the Prophet described, as quoted in §r8.2, is not lying:
I disagree.
Wednesday Webinar May 2nd @ 9:00 PM EST
When New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani rejected Saudi prince Al-Walid bin Talal’s $10 million donation to New York City following the latter’s comments on what he referred to as the root causes of the September 11 attacks, newspaper columnists in Saudi Arabia, Syria, and the Palestinian Authority attacked Giuliani and the United States:
Frost, P. (2001). Polygyny and sex ratios, Encyclopedia of Birth Control, V.L. Bullough (ed.), Santa Barbara (Cal.): ABC-CLIO, pp. 218-223.
I am not quite sure what else the Pole is supposed to say. Arguing that the squad needs to be improved further before any title challenge can be made is not going to endear himself to manager or team-mate alike. I am not going to indulge in fantasy football manager here, my views have not changed over the years: every single squad needs changes each summer, every squad can be improved. To believe otherwise is delusional and ignores the realities of football.
COVER loosely with cling-film and place back in the refrigerator
He’s gonna find me some piece of mind
A planned city, perhaps the region’s first, by an Emperor to honour a Sufi saint.
What are you waiting for? Grab your copy today!!
- Those execution scenes were powerful.
This made me think more about the shots I was talking since I couldn’t get closer with a zoom, or use a macro for the super detailed shots. My feet were my zoom as I looked through the viewfinder and framed the shots. Since the streets were empty and I was alone I could really take my time and think about what I was shooting. I have a tendency to rush my shots. I know this and I am working on not doing it.
More than 450 years have passed. By now, Albrecht Durer’s hundreds of masterful portraits, pen and silver-point sketches, watercolors, charcoals, woodcuts, and copper engravings hang in every great museum in the world, but the odds are great that you, like most people, are familiar with only one of Albrecht Durer’s works. More than merely being familiar with it, you very well may have a reproduction hanging in your home or office.
Each tenants and merchants need to be clear concerning the agreement they draft prior to they take this agreement. No Deposit Home offers pros and cons with regard to each side. Retailers who’ve currently obtained a house will have respite from having to pay 2 mortgages at the same time, and in a pokey housing industry with lots of properties for sale, this can be their utmost option. Clients that cannot however pay for a house might be able to obtain one more quickly.
The disciples had just finished eating the Passover meal for the last time as a ritual of expectation. The ritual which had been observed by God’s people for thousands of years, was on that night about to give way to reality. Anyone who knows me knows that I am quite passionate about the beauty of the Old Testament Law. The Law, in all its rituals and holiness, gives a profound theological blueprint of the king and kingdom God promised his people. And what struck me so forcefully in my study this week is the tragedy of what Mark is describing. Despite all the immense detail in the Law, and the centuries of preparation and instruction of God’s people—even having all the riches of the Hebrew Scriptures for all those ages leading up to that moment—when the night came for the actual atonement to occur, no one—not one single person—stood with Jesus. Despite all that preparation, even Peter utterly denied him. How very tragic.
Transport Minister Lui Tuck Yew has earlier said in Parliament that ‘minor’ disruptions less than 30 minutes are ‘unavoidable’:
Push yourself. Make the investment in your work, and yourself.
I'm having that put on my headstone some day............
The people of the world in all their occupations comprise his thousands of heads, feet and eyes. His breath is the wind. Energy (Agni) and Indra were born of his face. The sky is his navel. From his feet came the earth and from his ears the directions and so on the rest of the world was created.
We're not really stressin' over the decision though.
For the back of the card I made a false back to hide my punched pieces and secure them. I have pulled the back so its a bit loose so you can see in the photos how everything fits in. I made up the back buttons with square punched pieces and a silver pen. The back central panel with the acetate is actually lifted up with 3D foam around the edges so that a photograph can be fitted in as part of the card.
The most creative assault on Spencer must be Richard L. Schoenwald’s psychological autopsy in the 1968 summer issue of the esteemed journal Victorian Studies, in which the historian reveals that Spencer’s twisted and deformed worldview stemmed from his fascination with feces.
A hunger strike and subsequent attempt to escape are both thwarted by Warrick as he catches up with her when she is stopped at the main door.
Overall Height: 8.25"
Important other stuff!
It's a beautiful rich color, and the leaf design is perfect. It's solid wood, with no nicks. It was an absolute STEAL for $5. The woman behind me in line noticed the frame right away and lamented the fact that she hadn't seen it first.
*The next time I make this, I will probably experiment with reducing the olive oil to 3/4 cup, increasing the rosemary to 3 tbsp, and using more cornmeal and therefore less flour.
Any parting words to share?
USING SOME OF THE RECOMMENDED FOODS, IN ONE OF MY NEXT POSTS I WILL GIVE YOU SOME AMAZING AND EASY IDEAS TO PREPARE SIDE DISHES RECIPES.
Young cousin Jonas, one of the children who had to jump to avoid Hannah’s body, immediately ran to the kitchen door, stuck his head in, and yelled in his loudest little-boy voice, “Someone bring a light! There’s been a hurt!”
Taans: It’s fascinating to see how quickly Auster has gone, in your view, from being an indispensible mentor to Tel Aviv’s Satanic puppet. I suggest that this speaks to nothing but the rapidity of your descent into Jew-hatred. Since this occurred recently and so quickly, I’ll hold out some hope that it’s a passing phase.
Thank you for being here and I would love to hear from you;
A feasibility analysis was completed and based on those data, the redevelopment, is expensive, but feasible with a balance among public, private equity and debt financing.
If you'd like a button for your blog sidebar, you can use this one...
AND then my childhood started all over again when I became a mother.... seeing the world through a child's eye is amazing. I'm not even sure where half the stuff I came up with came from....
This is standard quick bread using pumpkin. I used fresh pumpkin but for easy way you can opt for canned pumpkin puree.
At the meeting attended by Malema in Bloemfontein on Thursday, provincial league chairperson Kgotso Morapela told the crowd: “Away with Magashule.”
The following article appears in today’s Arizona Republic newspaper:
Singing has always been easy for me, and I enjoy it. Fortunately, I also get paid to do it. Weekends you can often find me at the front of one parish or another, raising my holy hand and smiling wide in hopes that those assembled with me to worship will also raise their voices in song.
Me: Ooh I like that song! Who is it?
Lauren says, "i've got traditional colors, vintage holly, lots of fun embellies... and the sketch is in there, honestly, lol!!! i think my distinctly *MAXIMALIST* take on amy's gorgeous minimalist sketch shows how flexible these things really are; i absolutely <U+2665>LOVE<U+2665> seeing how very differently each cardmaker interprets the same 'road map'!"
In deciding on the circumstances in which a disclosure on a website was public, the Board took the view that ‘direct and unambiguous access’ to the website would be required, and this would only be possible if the site could be located using a search engine. Although in theory every website can be accessed, the Board took the view it was not deemed public if its URL address needed to be known for it to be found. The Board compared that situation to having to know a password to access a site. The Board provided a test to determine whether a given website is public. The test requires that the website can be found by a search engine using keywords that relate to the content of the website and that material would have to be on a website long enough to be accessed. The test is set out below:
1 grows
In the hope of helping employees keep their money safe, companies are stepping in and trying to control where they hold their retirement funds. Employees can continue to choose from their company’s listed fund choices, but if they don’t opt out of the target-dated funds, their money may just be moved for them.
The opening phase of the match offered false hope but Chelsea soon retreated into their shells, van Persie reaching Walcott’s cross directing it onto the outside of the post with fifteen minutes barely passed. An early goal would have changed the complexion of the match entirely. But it never came and the remainder of the half disappeared into a glistening haze as neither side was able to forge the opening which would make the crucial difference.
No, I’m not American!!! And I’m so tired of having to say that sentence over and over again.
But I don't need them
However, all humans have done is to release the energy stored in the bowels of the earth. This, in turn, begins a new era of possibilities for evolution. Whether humans, or for that matter 99.9% of the species on the planet, die off like in the Precambrian extinction is irrelevant. There will be some carbon based life which will survive to breed like cockroaches after nuclear fallout.
Me: Didn't the strawberry contaminate the other fruit?
Anyway, here is the card I made:
this rough trail, I stood,
So we’ve been trying some, and we’ve had some really good meals. I am really enjoying trying new dishes and seeing what everyone likes.
In this imagined episode she has captured the fear, the sense of duty, the poignancy and the sacrifice of one ordinary soldier, in this case Edgar Simpson of Winnipeg, for all the others in the so-called “war to end all wars.”
Let's take this pretty lame photo of the pont Alexandre III:
Or even something ridiculous as “My big toe hurts” and it will convince you that you have arthritis or erythromelalgia
It feels like Monday today as Hubby has gone in to work and was off on Friday. So I guess I must be a naughty Mummy as Zac isn't at pre-school, it's nearly 1pm and we're all still in our pyjamas and the lounge floor is a compilation of various bits of train track and lego. Something I have no intention of clearing up until oooh at least bedtime!
slashed down 50%!
The rains, the dark clouds and the wind – if put together – can be a deadly combination for those who want to relax and have a good time. Their combined effect has never felt so enchanting as this before. Long live Bangalore weather for having cheered us up with these heavenly drops of rains.
I hope that your all able to stay cool this summer, and that you slow down and enjoy your favorite drinks with your family. These are some of my favorite options. I'd love to hear about your favorites as well.
The assumption that having more obvious autistic traits and abilities is bad (“more severe”) has resulted in prejudicial judgments in the literature. An autistic boy (who has accomplished more as a child and young adult than most people, autistic or otherwise) with a full-scale IQ of more than 100 and a strong performance on numerous tests is judged to be “low-functioning,” because he is so obviously atypical. That is, he is judged to be very “severely” autistic (Bonneh et al., 2008; Belmonte et al., 2009), and this must solely be a very bad thing. In Aldred et al. (2004), preschool autistic children are falsely judged to be “low-functioning” or “high-functioning” solely on the basis of presumed autism “severity” falsely drawn from ADOS scores. It is being falsely and prejudicially assumed that an autistic whose traits and abilities are more obvious must function poorly.
And so with Intelligent Design. The idea that the Universe was created - designed - by a Creator may indeed be correct. As they say, a watch needs a Watchmaker. However, there is no conceivable experiment that could prove or disprove this hypothesis. The Intelligent Design folks have performed heroically in creating a scientific framework that in many ways explains the workings of the Universe. In many ways. But the gaps in the hypothesis loom large, not least of which being that Darwin and his contemporaries had to address very similar objections in the nineteenth century. A study of history will show debates about Watchmakers, and the equivalent of Irreducible complexity, and arguments like "of what use is half an eye?"
But do they ever ask?
Yes! We were constantly followed throughout the exhibit and gift shop! But we had met our goal and I was somewhat satisfied...with the largest collection of O'Keefe paintings, I expected floors of art work...this exhibit, while incredible, was not exactly what I had expected. It was an exhibit of Georgia O'Keefe and Ansel Adams...I love them both and the display of each of their work was well worth the trip...but somehow I had it in my mind that I would see more of a collective display of her work...like the Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam (one of my favorites). I am in no way complaining here...I just craved MORE!
I couldn't think what to call my cute little Panda image, and then realised the name was staring at me in the face... so meet Bamboo the Panda ~big grin~
And, on a separate note, I've finished two books recently:
ALL CLEAR OPERATION WEMBLEY EXERCISE, ALL CLEAR OPERATION WEMBLEY EXERCISE.
I have started on my second dress. I am pretty behind on the June Challenge but, since I (thankfully) don't have any exams, I can hopefully catch up.
But seriously? If you have to go around bitching about how gorgeous you are and how you've been treated differently your whole life because of it? Then you need a reality check.
There will be some who will argue that running from your attacker is safer and less likely to end in injury to you or your attacker. This may be true up to a point; however, I would argue that being required to flee also has its drawbacks. First, fleeing could make you even more vulnerable, particularly, if your efforts fail and your attacker is able to catch you now off guard. Second, attempting to flee may only embolden your attacker and may cause him to ramp up his attack. Third, just like bullies, many criminals are cowards and you may be better able to prevent the crime and protect yourself with a show of strength and resistance. Fourth, and most importantly to me, since we all have an interest in and benefit from stopping crime, I simply find it objectionable and counterproductive for a society to require its law abiding citizens to retreat from criminals. Finally, I am little persuaded by any desire to spare injury to the attacker. It should be noted that the law in question does not require you to fight back. It simply supports your right to do so if you reasonably believe that you can prevent the crime.
"Didn't anyone complain?" the farmer said.
She lifts me into the car the same way she did last time: front legs, then hindquarters. It’s uncomfortable and humiliating.
- At the end of the day, it does smudge a tiny little on my lower outer corner. It’s not a deal-breaker for me, and I can wipe it off very easily, but I have to be honest about this!
The editor of the film, Doty Dorn, has said in interviews that her first responsibility as editor was to read the script several times. This is not normally the case with editors, who are more concerned with daily footage than over-arching plot. It is up to the director to decide the plot, the editor just assembles the cuts . . . normally. But in this film there is a special relationship between the editing and the story. The editing, more than the camera even, is what puts the viewer inside the character. There are aids, like Guy Pierce’s voice-over, but really it is in the pieces of information that are given at the beginning and end of each scene that helps us to find our footing.
The next step is to choose a coordinating fabric for the ruffles.
After I graduate, I’ll be moving to Dallas to work as a Media Relations Program Manager at Texas Instruments.
I have also been editing new images for the catalogue and for a web based company called Dalani (Dalani.co.uk). W&A products are on sale with them on until the 1st May in the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Poland. I really like the text they have given to go with each product- it's nice to see what other people come up with when they are describing W&A products. I should have lots of sewing and printing to keep me very occupied very soon!
Below is Curtis Acosta's January 26, 2012 update from Tucson. Acosta is a teacher in the now-shuttered Mexican American Studies Department in Tucson Unified School District.
I joined Liverpool Corporation as a 16 year old junior clerk in the same job and sitting in the same chair at the same desk that Stanley Holmes (subsequently Sir Stanley and Chief Executive of Merseyside) had sat in when he started his career.
Ultimately the question is this: Has God Almighty so done a sovereign and supernatural work in you that the God you once hated and ignored, you now desire and esteem worthy above all things? Has God so worked in your heart that the sin you once loved and sought after for your own pleasure and advancement, you now despise and turn from? When the Bible speaks of receiving Christ, it is through repentance and faith, which is evidenced by fruit in our lives (not evidenced by how sincere we felt about a decision to try out Jesus). That fruit is the very transformation in my life I see today that I know God has done- it is truly supernatural. This is what Jesus said:
-Have a fun personality)
And, then, my friends, work won't seem so bad anymore.
Both Spider-Man sequels, in 2004 and 2007, would break their predecessor’s opening day record, earning $40.4 million and $59 million, respectively. Spider-Man 3, shown on more than 10,000 screens at 4,252 locations, boasted an opening weekend haul of $151.1 million. That record would stand until July 2008, when The Dark Knight, the fifth film in the Batman franchise, grossed $155 million in its first weekend. Only 19 days after its release, The Dark Knight had taken in $405.7 million in the United States alone, passing the first Spider-Man to become the most successful comic book movie of all time.
They have recently upgraded their TV to a 38inch digital set because (a) digital is now a must and (b) because at 38inches Granddad can once again see and enjoy his television. These new TV's are all singing all dancing and designed by the younger adults in society taking into consideration what they see as 'workable' and 'convenient'. Problem is we have an ageing population and while 90+ is the top end of that population there will be more of them over the years.
Incidentally, one other great thing about this dress and the other two was the way the cut flares out at the bottom. I have a long stride, and as I’ve mentioned previously, I frequently run into skirts/dresses/jilbabs/etc that are cut rather narrow at the bottom so I can’t walk freely enough or take a long step. These dresses, despite looking slim and like there is not a lot of extra material floating around, are in fact generously fitting and do not have any issue with being constrictive at the bottom. In fact I was not only walking but running around in the park after my son with no worries at all.
So your little son starts to act a little girlish when he is four years old and instead of squashing that like a cockroach and saying, “Man up, son, get that dress off you and get outside and dig a ditch, because that is what boys do,” you get out the camera and you start taking pictures of Johnny acting like a female and then you upload it to YouTube and everybody laughs about it and the next thing you know, this dude, this kid is acting out childhood fantasies that should have been squashed. Can I make it any clearer? Dads, the second you see your son dropping the limp wrist, you walk over there and crack that wrist. Man up. Give him a good punch.
is how my kids LOVE each other.
Kenya army spokesman Major Emmanuel Chirchir said the rallies were a “forced demonstration.”
And this one sinks and rises for a living, and did so in Lower Bay and left, carrying some of our tugs off, away to the East. Type in Blue Marlin or “Ground Hog Day” to see Tugster’s reportage of her ups and downs.
“Can’t complain.”
In the Wood & Metal category, Geoff King was announced by judge Anthony Dew as a finalist for his unique wooden jewellery.
I haven't had the time to personally comment on your blogs here lately, but I am seeing your awesome work....keep it up!! You inspire me...that's for sure! :) I'm so glad many of you are finding encouragement in this weekly challenge!
But there is something I want to ask my readers: how do you maintain fullness when cutting? I’m down to 1000 calories a day and it is REALLY hard to maintain. What do you eat? Do you do small intervals instead of big meals? HELP!
Duggan Veterinary Supplies are proud to announce their first small companion brochure that was launched in June. Within the colourful brochure customers can find detail information on a wide variety of products. From analgesics, milk supplement , coprophagia, vitamin tablets to small companion animal accessories such as shampoo, dog coats & beds.
Basically, what they're doing is extending the campaign they launched last year, with Rik Mayall playing the Bombardier, drinking the beer and extolling its virtues with what Well's & Youngs clearly hope will become a pub catchphrase: 'Bang on!' They're going for a heavyweight promotion on Dave, the channel for blokes who like repeats of the programme Stewart Lee refers to as 'Mock the Weak'. Ten and fifteen second idents will frame peak time programmes. I haven't seen the idents because like I said, I wasn't invited to the launch, and didn't get to meet Rik Mayall, but the press release says 'viewers can expect to see the Bombardier's take on the English sense of humour, values, our love of pubs and our social habits.'
So yes, it is a daunting task that you chose when you signed up for this. No one said it was going to be easy. Just know that you are doing this distance with countless other faces, a lot of whom have probably encountered worse problems than you, who are pushing themselves past their own personal limits for a lost loved one, but who are sweating alongside you just the same.
No Cadillac. Oh shit. What if they got off the highway somewhere? They could have gotten off the road and then back on, and now they’re coming up behind me somewhere. Fuck.
This takes us back to where this interview started: It doesn’t mean Israel will now act in the way its enemies do. But you see now that Israel has to act according to its interests and its standards, and not according to some kind of picture that is common to Israeli and its enemies. This whole notion of reciprocity has disappeared.
Papers - Prima Fairy belle collection 6X6
You will attend college.
Our current table was a hand me down from my parents and while it was a fine table it was pretty beat up. If you read this post then you know that I got a great deal on some new kitchen chairs last year.
<U+52AA><U+529B><U+5BFB><U+627E><U+76EE><U+6807>
The U.S. must begin to plan for the non-combatant evacuation of Israel to the U.S. as a means to mitigate or avoid a second Holocaust. Prevention of such a tragedy by diplomatic or military means alone is unrealistic. With Iran threatening to be in possession of nuclear weapons soon, other increasingly hostile neighbors of Israel will follow suit to respond to the new Mideast balance of power. More ominously, nuclear weapons will find their way into the hands of radicals through state sponsorship of terrorism. Whether the conflagration occurs later in a general confrontation, or sooner as a function of a 3rd or a later 4th Intifada, the writing is on the wall as it pertains to the most vulnerable members of the Israeli populace and the preparations that Israel and the U.S. must make.
Najib also said he had met Shahrizat and her vice chief, Datuk Kamilia Ibrahim, and the duo had agreed to co-operate despite the latter recently calling for Shahrizat to relinquish leadership of the wing.
To date the supporters of this Govt are still hailing the SoE as a crime plan….suspension of the Constitution is a Crime plan????? Seriously? Has there been any kind of anti-crime initiative since then?
ARTICLE 1
Do you prefer to be the one who cooks, or the one who cleans up?
I put a cupcake on a plate in front of her and she sat there for a solid five minutes, staring at it, but not touching it. I tried to put a finger-full of frosting into her mouth but she would have nothing to do with it. Soooo, we gave her a spoon and that was the trick. I guess birthday princess fingers are not to get too messy.
But I taught the current sophomores in third grade, and I have to get the f out of town before they get up to me. Their souls are as black as the night itself.
In his first full season in charge he has taken Liverpool to 2 cup finals, winning one of them with the other on Saturday against Champions League finalists Chelsea.
Solving the nation’s most entrenched problems This bitterly adversarial private enforcement system has had a toxic effect on American public schools. Because the law is poorly funded (Congress has repeatedly broken its promises to the states), a school district will often make funding decisions about regular education services with an eye toward whether a disgruntled parent of a disabled student might claim that the decisions negatively impact special education services. School staff feel that parents see them as obstacles, not advocates, to the education that the parents envision — and parents feel as though schools see them as demanding, insensitive consumers who view school staff as private servants.
1 T honey
There is a new book out by Susanna Salk called Be Your Own Decorator. It is a bloggers dream. All of you who collect images for your blogs, or for Pins, or Houzz, or Decorpad, or any of the other zillion rabbit holes we enjoy ourselves in, will love this gorgeous book.
I thought I would share a few pics from the day. Since I didn't have a camera with me these are all just instagram pics I took on the day.
plan. next saturday's 3 shires. maybe do the 20 instead of the 30 (being sensible). our first event of the year (hopefully).
so i stare out my window and wonder why i wasn't born independently wealthy or some sort of nonsense. because if i was, i would run off to paris, or tuscany, or timbuktu...or someplace really exotic, like...the moon. and then i wouldn't have to deal with idiots...or...the idiots would be so different and intriguing that i wouldn't notice they were idiots. and i wouldn't have to tell people that have worked hard and through no fault of their own, their contract is severed because some idiot didn't research law very well and i hired them thinking it was cool...but it wasn't really cool and now ...i have to end the contract and figure out how to pay them.
A. Maybe, but probably not a good idea. Painting, like lots of things in the design world, may look easy, but isn't. A good professional painter does this every day. He has the tools and the skills to make your house look like a million bucks. Watching a pro with a good paint brush will almost make you think you're watching Van Gogh. If you can, budget for a professional.
To quote from Lucas in the Huffington Post,
Among her new proposals is a suggestion that trained ‘licensed facilitators’ would need to be present when someone is at the point of ending their own life to ensure that lethal drugs are ‘taken correctly’.
"Who was he?" I asked, trying to keep my voice nonchalant.
For the low, low price of $1 each, we got a nice tour of the brewery and a pretty extensive history lesson on not just the brewery but how some of the beers came to be (did you know that there was a riot that killed 11 people when the English stopped making IPA?). The best part, however, is that even if you don’t drink, you get a nifty Redhook Brewery glass.
About a man riding across the desert and starred Gregory Peck
Barrett Lauer, one of the earliest brewers at what was then the Wharf Rat, confirmed that "Todd" was his immediate predecessor, departing on not-very-friendly terms, allowing Lauer to transition from kitchen to brewkettle--and the rest was history, for him and the brewery.
I hope in the near future I can share more uncluttering success, but for now I must get back to work!
8.) You feel that The Secret Museum has given added purpose and renewed vitality to
person to give you a whole lot of background information. All I do
AAAAHHH, Nature! And to think that 'proper' plants often struggle or just plain die on you, pfffttt.
so what do i plan for 2012? - I hope to be more loving, kind, tolerant and understanding towards others, but more importantly towards my SELF. I hope to find time to nurture myself, to find time to meditate and walk more. to sit barefoot upon the earth.. but best of all - I plan to walk the land of my ancestors in Cornwall - later in 2012.
For anyone who enjoys a beer and a good yarn and has some sense of the ties that really bind a Nation’s culture, this site is worth a look. And if you can, get out on ANZAC Day and raise a glass to those who fought so that you could have a nice cold beer and not have to ask for it in Japanese or German. Even if it is only a VB.
Marcos loyalists demand hero’s burial for former First Lady
10. Noel : “Leaving”
I prepared the trout fillets simply, baking them with a topping of chopped ramps, parsley, and torn bread. The flavor was light, delicate and delicious. Paired with some spring onion pesto pasta and radishes sautéed with fresh mint (bonus recipe below!), it was a great way to taste the flavors of Pennsylvania spring.
I am thankful for my job, which allows me to make a decent wage working part time and staying at home with my children while they are young.
I’m sitting in my apartment tonight. Wifesy is away and I’m mindlessly watching As Good As It Gets for the hundredth time. There’s the road trip scene. Jack Nicholson is being his jackassy self and very gay, Greg Kinear and Helen Hunt are hitting it off. They pull over to the side of the road and Greg confesses to a quasi-incestual moment he had with his mother under the guise of art. And it got me thinking. It got me thinking about road confessions. I’ve been on the road lots as a comedian and there’s something about it. There’s something about hurtling through distance in a confined space that makes strangers and almost friends confess things to one another. I don’t know why, but I know that it regularly happens. It’s the strangest thing.
Faux leopardskin scarf - Tesco
Happy Birthday, Rebecca! And many happy returns
My advice of the day is to never fall into the 80/20 rule. Leaving 80% of what you want/need for 20% of what you think you want or need.
Respect should be something that begins at home and carries along to all other facets of life. Modeling respect is one of the best ways to earn respect from your students. I know that as an adult, if I am treated respectfully I am going to treat that person the same way in return. (of course... it is much harder to treat rude people (HUGE pet peeve!!) with respect, but they deserve the same :) The problem is... our kids come from so many different walks of life. Mom, Dad, grandma, cousins, etc. might not be present in your students' lives. Consistency is so important, especially at this young age, to reinforce these life skills. WE as teachers might be the only consistency our kids have from day to day.
"Apparently, it's some sort of fish, called escolar but people also call it white tuna or butterfish. It has some thing in it similar to that shit that used to be chips. You know, that olestra crap?" he rambles.
I recently read again ‘The Time Traveler’s Wife’ and fell in love with the impeccable story telling style of Audrey Niffenegger. This book appeals to the hopeless romantic in me and it is such a beautiful love story though presented as a complicated fiction too, and how I wish I had met my DH when I was 5 years and hold on, I like that part but do not want the time traveling boy friend part though, in my real life. I just can’t believe how patiently she stays behind and waits for him to come back every time. It is a LOVELY tale and my brief summary can do no justice to the story. I cant wait for S to grow old enough to read this book!
These last few weeks have been pretty crazy! I had finals, so I haven’t been able to update this blog lately. This week I am staying in Tokyo, so I am going to catch up on my blog at night.
This is how the back of the book describes the story: “Banished to the hinterlands of Wyoming, rebellious Lydia Callahan and her thirteen-year-old son Sam have no choice but to cope. But while Lydia drinks and talks to the moose head on the wall, Sam finds a friend in local girl Maurey Pierce. One of the wildest, raunchiest, most heartfelt coming-of-age novels of the past thirty years, Skipped Parts puts Tim Sandlin in the upper echelon of contemporary comic novelists.”
Favorite quote:
She made me feel all maternal, and when her mum was fighting with her sisters, she was holding my finger while I made sure she was quiet and was okay. I even stroked her head to help soothe her.
Permanent 2nd Officer / DPO job offer with a leading support vessel company.
If you live in Sydney (or even if you don't?) you can help in 5 different ways:
There have been numerous studies indicating the healing power of nature. It is in fact our increased exposure to artificial environment and decreased contact with the natural surroundings that has led to the deterioration of our well-being and increased level of stress in our lives.
“Now, art thou that Virgilius and that fountain
terrorists so Obama just lets them all go!
Those fucking idiots.
I definitely don't think it's as bad as colic. Don't think we could go that far because he does have times where he seems content. Like when he's sleeping (which is rare) or when he's nursing (which is often). Other than that, no dice on the calm contented baby.
This far into Saturn's transit of Libra, we start to see the social and professional results of having put this groundwork in. We also see the results of not having put it in, as well as the areas that contain hazardous holes and breaks in structure. This is especially apparent when we relate with those who have shirked the full effort.
I cooked tonight. I haven't cooked very much, and nothing that requires any reduction of wine or coating of meat. Just opening cans, making sandwiches. Friday I did make ribs. Not the best; I messed up the recipe. But tonight I cooked a sauce to put over egg noodles. I reduced chicken broth. So I am pretty happy with myself. I think it's the Valium.
His ways are higher than our ways; His thoughts higher than our thoughts (Isaiah 55:9). We can humbly take the path He has marked out for us today, and do so in absolute trust of His infinite wisdom and love. He is wiser and more loving than we can ever know. He who sees has forseen and will not lead us astray.
So,when we opened our own business we made a promise to each other that we would never compromise or send any food which didn't meet our required standard or more importantly that we wouldn't eat ourselves.
4 notion
This beach house by BKK changes everything you envisage about a holiday house, while keeping all the simple ideals of the shack of my childhood.
I also incorporate a character asset to work on while working at that choice-- in Read to Self, it is "independence" that kids are working on, as well as increasing their stamina.
No explanation needed, but we’ll give one anyway. Sure he can go back to TV and perhaps try again next year, but he really lost his opportunity, even as his followers lost their enthusiasm the second he actually announced his candidacy.
So, I've decided to experiment and try and make philly cheesesteaks. They obviously aren't true philly cheesesteaks since I am using roast beef instead of ribeye but I am certainly hoping they will taste like the real thing!
Last weekend we couldn't resist checking out an estate sale at a home designed by noted Detroit architect William Kessler. The house we visited in Lansing, Mi is a replica of Kesslers own home in Grosse Pointe Park.
After a long day with actual errands included we got home, unpacked the groceries and were then visited by my father and two half sisters. Not that I see them as that, it’s actually extremely weird to write that down. They are my baby sisters, the ones I love to mess with, and say I will throw into the lake with the alligators. So with dad and all three sisters in tow we went for a ride that took 2 or so hours of our day. Just to arrive home, and send out to buy dinner and rent a movie.
While this year's crop of babes in arms are told:
Nov 11 Baltimore, MD — The Hippodrome Theatre
The instumentals on this album are ridiculously excellent. Unlike the first two releases, the instrumental faire here is based on classic music from the Classical and Baroque periods.
;) So, paperwork, and children with baggage in tow, I headed out- a little nervous by the labs results I was to deliver to the Dr I was referred to.
You have to be sure that it has a good chance of working and it does not make you worse off than you started with.
The canoe is the most practical, efficient and satisfying way to travel through wild country, particularly on the Canadian Shield, where you can go almost anywhere. I think of that country every day of my life. One of the things I like best about canoe travel is that you are completely self-reliant. There is no dependence on mechanical devices. It is utterly simple. For me, the canoe means complete freedom – the ultimate escape. - Alex Hall
i mean, okay fine, i don’t expect you to actually listen to something this boring.
02. Look Here
Exodus 33:13-18 (NLT)
11. i can eat a whole bag of chips by myself!! regular lay's please!
Or so we think.
No, I don't think going to church is the litmus test for what being a Christ follower is all about. But I do think that a lot of people are holding out for Jesus to be their Savior at death and missing the point in life. Most aren't missing church cuz they're engaging Jesus in their days elsewhere passionately and don't need this community of faith. As I work with students and families, my goal is not to help them get ready for death. It's to challenge and join them in a better way of life that alters the hope they have both in this life and the life to come.
The final scene required ten minutes of self-pep talk and two chunks of chocolate to begin.
YOU ARE IN COURT GET OFF YOUR GODDAMN CELL PHONE YOU DUMB FUCK.
Results: Oh.My. Seriously. This was delicious! It tasted like something you could order at a restaurant. I know, I know…”Don’t hurt yourself patting your own back, Michelle.” But seriously…if you like fish, you must add this to your menu. Writing this post makes me want to eat this again tonight!
I am cleaning out the closet in my home office; tossing out stuff I don't need, can't remember why I had saved, &/or just moving stuff to gain more room ... for paper/pens/markers, etc. You know the drill.
The first time I prepared a ground turkey dish was tossing the rounded balls of fresh ground turkey and cooking them in a spicy, sweet and sour sauce in a large pot on the stove top. These were a big hit with guests and of course the turkey balls with sauce partnered well with rice or couscous for a complete plateful.
So, you know how at a certain moment--usually a little too early on in November--by seemingly subliminal accord, an army of janitors are sent to their respective basements to retrieve their dusty garlands and fairy lights, junior sales clerks in malls everywhere are tasked with arranging gaudy displays of tinsel and beglittered glass ornaments, and suddenly pepperkake and juleøl are back in your life? Well, maybe that last example only happens here in Norway, but that's just too bad for the rest of ya'll, isn't it?
Beenu Mahmood saw a shift in Obama that corresponded to Genevieve’s perceptions. He could see Obama slowly but carefully distancing himself as a necessary step in establishing his political identity as an American. For years when Barack was around them, he seemed to share their attitudes as sophisticated outsiders who looked at politics from an international perspective. He was one of them, in that sense. But to get to where he wanted to go he had to change.
Reason?
I've decided I'm not a very good supermarket shopper. Apart from being magnetically drawn to the impulse buy bins, especially when they are bright orange, I don't seem to ever get the 'You've won' coupons at the end of the shop.
An earthquake? Ah, shit, R.E.M. was right, all along.
Carlos Cortes, 57, New York, N.Y.
I am also going to try to add a lot more pictures to the blog, since that’s what I enjoy on blogs when I go to look at them.
Let all that You have made bring glory to Your name
Bernd Sommer “Anti-capitalism in the name of ethno-nationalism: ideological shifts on the German extreme right” Patterns of Prejudice, Volume 42, Number 3, July 2008 , pp. 305-316(12). Abstract: “Sommer examines the (re-)emergence of anti-capitalist and anti-globalization themes within the ideology and discourses of the German extreme right. He argues that it would be short-sighted to interpret this development simply as another opportunistic attempt by the extreme right to incorporate Zeitgeist issues into its political agenda in order to appeal to a broader spectrum of supporters. An analysis of the latest campaigns of the Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands (NPD)—the most successful extreme-right party in recent years—as well as the activities of groups that exist within the larger German extreme-right milieu, the so-called freie Kameradschaften, reveals that the taking up of social questions as well as anti-capitalist and anti-globalization themes marks a deeper shift within the political agenda of the extreme right in Germany. However, the analysis shows that racist and antisemitic issues do not disappear with this shift, but are linked with and incorporated into anti-capitalist and anti-globalization discourses.”
Modernist poet Muriel Rukeyser (1913-80) is probably best know for her poem sequence, "The Book of the Dead" (1938) which sought to bring national attention to the epidemic of silicosis--a deadly lung disease caused by exposure to silica dust in mines and factories that did not take adequate steps to protect workers.
That alone might make certain dolls collectable.
Occasionally I will share one with you.
Since I was a youngster I've loved monsters and dinosaurs
DOGFISH HEAD CRAFT BREWED ALES Indian Brown Ale
Conductors, after all, are accustomed to putting on programs in an efficient manner.
2. A large and smaller pinecone were placed on the lower right and held in place with a decorative pinecone wire stick.
Thanks, you big-hearted, wide-eyed bastard.
“Ms Gibbons said treating them was no different to treating any other patient but added that medics needed to be more alert.
Melt the half the margarine in a large saute pan over medium heat. Raise the heat to medium high and brown about the chicken. Transfer browned chicken to the slow cooker. (The image above is the chicken barely hitting the pan, still raw.)
All Desert Gardening is your desert landscaping company. We provide services for your planting, landscape, and gardening needs. Please feel free to contact us at
Then it's run back to the airport, grab a flight to Chicago, because that's where my Air India flight is leaving from on Wednesday.
I wanted to post a quick card I made for my oldest granddaughter, Hailey. She is getting baptized on Sunday and we are all so proud of her and love her so very much for the life decision she has made.
They are .mtc files only as I haven't converted them into any other format. So little time and so much to do!! LOL Hopefully, someone can find a use for some of them. As always, I would love to see what you do with them should you choose to use them for a gift! Thanks for stopping by!!
So proud.
Arriving back after an emotionally and physically exhausting few weeks was very hard and we hit the ground running. It was a tough term at school for all of us. Surreal too after what had happened. Occasionally dipping into probatesc paperwork and dipping out all too swiftly.
If you don’t step up
affection and need as any clinging barefaced lout
Dinner was a grilled chicken breast with steamed veg, and I’ve just eaten another Nakd bar – cashew cookie this time, yum!
It’s this simple, the bill comes in and I pay it, what’s wrong with this picture ?
Little did he know that all the strategy was absolutely not sinking in. Why? Because we were already drunk. That was our strategy. It was to be our last game of the season. We had been brutally slaughtered in our previous games, and we knew there was no way we were making the playoffs. So we figured why not drink before the game? It might make the 50 mph rubber balls flying at us a little less intimidating. At this point, it really couldn’t hurt.
1/3 cup cocoa
While someone else is eating or opening a window or just walking dully along;
This weeks Challenge we want you to be minimalistic, so you can only use :
With just a few thousand annual visitors, Mafia Island is hardly a tourist hot spot, and has few of the high-end accouterments that draw hordes of honeymooners to other Indian Ocean isles like the Seychelles, Mauritius and Zanzibar. Over the past decade, though, it has built a small but passionate following among travelers drawn by its simple charms and serene atmosphere. Serene, that is, on land; underwater, a protected marine preserve offers some of the most magnificent diving and snorkeling in the region, perhaps the world: sea turtles, stingrays and the occasional white-tipped reef shark troll these waters nearly year-round.
Windows and doors are always closed, to keep the monkeys from entering
19 Gypsy Feet
Tokyo is awesome. I mean really awesome! It’s been a dream of mine for years to come and see what the place that fed me half of my childhood looks like. Godzilla, Dragonball, Astro Boy, Speed Racer, Mario, Ryu, Chun Li, and so much more!
The month had a fantastic end with many great blogs being written in response to a post that someone wrote wishing they did not have Aspergers, under the Hashtag #autismpositivity2012.
So welcome to my neck 'o the Woods!
Has anyone else had any experience with this?
Form thoughts into sentences and type them out. Even if I’m repeating, “I don’t know what to write. I can’t think of a thing. I just feel anxious. AGAIN. Blah blah, that’s boring. I can’t write about that again. I should go to bed. But what if I can’t sleep? I might as well sit here. At least then I’m not panicking about not being able to fall asleep…” etc. Classic application of the adage, “Begin where you are.” Sitting at my kitchen table, unsold dozens of eggs from today’s market all around me, my stomach growls from too much adrenaline and too little food. (Yes, that’s literally where I am.)
This post is for those, like me, who “just don’t feel like it”. I still have days when I don’t want to walk. The weather isn’t so bad here, but still, it’s easier to stay indoors.
The smile upon Dream’s face.
As myself and researcher Anthony McIntyre were battling in the Boston courts against the PSNI subpoenas last fall, the British prime minister, David Cameron, summoned the family of slain Belfast attorney, Patrick Finucane to Downing Street. Finucane had been shot dead by loyalist gunmen in 1989 but it is now widely accepted that British intelligence and the police in Northern Ireland, the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), had foreknowledge of the murder plot and allowed it to happen. Finucane was a legal thorn in their flesh and what better way to remove it than by way of loyalist bullets?
The street had no street lights and it was pitch black. I had to find the house with the pathway footlights. I was so hungry and tired and tired and hungry that I don't really remember anything beyond waking up the next morning and fumbling around in an effort to figure out how to get the shower working.
“Wallcandy street art project,” says the website, “has drawn together artists & designers with diverse skills to create pieces of art on walls and buildings around the town of Ennis. The aim of Wallcandy is to give artists the opportunity and freedom to conceive and create a piece of art that uses a particular site in an interesting and quirky way. The resulting artworks hope to engage, surprise and entertain viewers of all ages. All of the sites chosen have interesting or unusual features and, although some of the sites are a little run down or have deteriorated due to damage or neglect, they have been given an artistic twist that totally changes the way you see them.”
college, Greg's coming home to start the rest of his life,
But the climate for print publishing is pretty dire currently. The loss of the bookshop chain Borders just before Christmas has not helped to improve the picture. Many people, including Ann Jungman and the Maven, opposed the purchase of Ottakar's by Waterstone's in 2006, believing it would lead to a monopoly on the High Street. And this has come to pass.
*This car is sweet-ass.
The last part of the epilogue leaves you scratching your head in confusion. I read it a few times just to make sure I got what the author was saying but it is still too strange.
$1.00 off Next Issue of COOKING LIGHT Magazine
Garlic (optional), 1 table spoon
In reality, my children are relatively lovely people. I was using them to hide from the world, living through them so I didn’t have to make a life for myself and risk failure. This is why I’m so discombobulated.
For hair care during the transition, wear styles that avoid heat. Hair transitions can be done more effectively and healthily when exposed to minimal or no heat. These styles include roller and rod sets, two-stand twists and two-stand twist outs, straw sets and bantu knots. Textured-looking styles (such as those just mentioned) are excellent during the transition to natural hair because it helps to blend your two hair textures (relaxed and natural). These styles, particularly as they age, mimic natural hair styles.
I intend to write more this year. As well as writing my book for Bloomsbury I would like to write at least one other book for children or teens. I still harbour ambitions to write a graphic novel and I may try my hand at writing a screenplay this year too. But I would also like to write something for adults. I'm not absolutely sure what that will be yet, but I'll let you know if and when it comes to anything.
Chris, still standing at the sunroom door, caught the reflection of red and blue lights speeding through the neighborhood. He picked his cell phone from his pocket, hit a speed dial button, but got no answer. “Where the hell did they go?” he mumbled as he put his phone away.
The satirical engraving on the right depicts the quaint English custom of “wife-selling”, which wasn’t quite what it sounds like, but was more a ritual among the non-genteel classes (who couldn’t possibly obtain a full parliamentary divorce, allowing remarriage, according to the pre-1857 laws), to publicly proclaim a dissolution of marriage (though not generally recognized by the Church and State authorities). Notice how artist arranged the horns of the cattle horns behind the cuckholded husband’s head.
Oddly, I have found that most people do not do this universally; that is to say, they do not treat everyone this way, just certain people. The most common delineation? Age.
This morning hasn’t helped. I was talking about the treatment at work, when one of my colleagues (that I don’t particularly get on with too well) pointed out that yesterday I looked ‘podgy’… now I can’t get it out of my head, I know I should think rationally, it’s only a stupid comment and she probably didn’t mean anything by it, but I’m feeling fragile anyway, and now I feel fat too.
#8: Hot DAMN, that makes two episodes in my countdown airing on the marathon simultaneously. At this rate I'll have to catch up to Syfy's schedule. "The Dummy" has given me goosebumps since I saw it as an impressionable tot and aided in the development of my intense fear of ventriloquist dummies. Cliff Robertson turns in a great, terrified performance here and that cackling voice of Willie's will haunt your dreams FOREVER.
* During the summer I work for a motorcycle safety course as a range assistant and when I started the job, I had no previous knowledge of how to ride a motorcycle. As I did all the miscellaneous jobs on the range, I heard the same safety tips over and over and saw hundreds of students practice. I learned where the controls were on the bikes and the best techniques for going around a curve safely or stopping quickly in an emergency. I heard the information over and over and could recite it, but I had no idea what it was like to actually drive a motorcycle. Last summer one of the coaches offered to teach me. It wasn’t until I actually started riding myself that I could begin to really understand what it was all about. I knew the little details but I didn’t have the whole picture, without practice and first-hand experience I couldn’t put it all together and actually control the bike. Until I reached relational understanding, there was no way I could succeed at riding.
stuffing its face with pile. The quality
There are some recipes (roast chicken) that are pretty straightforward, simple and easy on the brain. I like to have some other, flexible, veggie-loving recipes that are always in rotation and can use almost anything in the refrigerator. These recipes are a good way to use up what’s left at the end of the week and a great way to incorporate those unexpected purchases. Here are some examples:
The color scheme is the only thing that scares me, not being color blind I don’t know how this will affect colorblind gamers, but there’s quite a few spots where I felt that the colors of the background and items tended to have similar color tones, and that may cause some issues, but the characters and backgrounds I feel are vivid enough to counteract that. If any color-blind gamer gives this game a shot, let me know your personal opinion. I would love to hear it from a person who’s had first hand experience. Overall though, the game is charming and can be played by practically anyone – I totally endorse it as a must see game.
Take it to the altar of sacrifice
Q: What would you do if your husband ever left you? How would you make money?
Why is it that no matter what you try to do, whether it be raise your kids as you see fit, live a life of generosity and kindness, try to get ahead in your career (or start a new one), or even travel down the path of self-reflection and improvement, there is always someone who has to voice their disapproval in an attempt to bring you down? I totally hate that – it’s one of my biggest pet-peeves!
He said ”Want to get out of here?”
While it may sound like a simple domestic drama, it isn’t. Not in the slightest. The director, Asghar Farhadi, uses the plot to discuss issues relevant both to Iranian society and our changing world; issues such as class, gender, and faith. I will try to avoid rhapsodizing about it, but the film is, honestly, breathtaking. Mr. Farhadi’s camera never wastes a shot, and the way it lingers and speaks softly gives power to the conflict of the film. He does not rely on neat camera tricks or flashy editing because doing so would, in my opinion, greatly detract from the film. The film is so powerful because of its simplicity. There is no reliance on visual stimulation; the actors live their roles and the camera watches them, taking us inside. The main reason I love this film so much is probably because I find longer shots more interesting than faster ones. Fast-paced editing, though appropriate in many films, gives the viewer no time to soak in the film, to interact with it, to feel it. A Separation gives plenty of time for these actions. It lets the conflict brew, slowly, and finally tensions explode, emotions run, but still in the same confined space. Still lingering, still watching. Still beautiful.
the weather
These songs are fucking awesome...everything about this stuff rules. The vox, and the drums especially. Enjoy.
"Spiritual resurrection? What do you mean?"
cowslip:..A small herb with golden-yellow flowers.
This, plus louder and louder “FUCK OFF!”s went on and on down High Street.
Have a safe and enjoyable Fourth of July!
Mr Howes gave an overview of the renewable energy progress to date and the different technologies resulting from the national energy action plans. Further he explained the role of CCS in the electricity mix and the necessary conditions for a successful implementation. Mr Howes also gave some key figures of a public consultation on renewable energy.
If it was feasible, possible, or in all reality if I were able, I’d drive there tonight and sit on the beach. I’d take off my shoes and soak my feet in the cool water. I’d lean back and gaze out at the expanse of the river, allowing the gentle lapping of that shimmering water against sand to ebb and wash away the dust and worries of everyday life.
The small warm neighborhoods around Atlantic Yards will become moons orbiting a cold planet. Shadows and noise can be modeled on computers, but their emotional effects can’t.
Anyway, to thank sweet Katie, I thought I would try a dish from my brand new cookbook, and share it with you. I really made very few changes in the recipe, with only two exceptions. First, I substituted a normal store bought chicken that I had in the freezer for the "beautiful free range chicken" that Reynaud's recipe calls for. Now, if you HAVE a beautiful free range chicken, I have no doubt it would do nothing BUT enhance this already delicious recipe, so by all means, use a free range chicken if you can.
But, I don't want you to think that I have not spent some of this time chomping on my nails! This unschooling journey is about nothing if not trust and faith. Having been around the block a few times, now, I already knew the possible outcomes that are offered in the school setting: the boredom, the ridicule, the irrelevance, the condescension, the busy work, and, yes, the very real possibility that a kid might connect with a loving, concerned, interesting, interested adult. But that possibility notwithstanding, we opted to err on the side of dignity, wholeness, slowness, and unremitting joy. I will never regret that choice.
I briefly gave consideration to stealing a neighbouring resident’s wheelbarrow from his back yard in order to cart this gastronomic monstrosity back to my motel, then hiring a crane to hoist it up to the third-floor balcony before somehow squeezing it through the doorway to my room using a system of rollers and a crowbar.
See below.
Britain’s stint as the number one nation in this field lasted for barely five decades. By the end of the century the US had become the top global goods producer, after which it held on to its role for roughly 115 years, ceding the top of the tree position to China after the country’s spectacular return to economic health.
Can’t end this post without a bow to my man, Ben Franklin. Ben, you are “The man!” Thank you for creating the first free libraries in the U S of A. I fell in love the day I walked into the Enoch Pratt free library in Charm city and the love saga continues!
Embrace your changing rosters. They will make your guild a better place to be.
means to attract, to pull towards you, to sway someone else towards your side, to allure
shot
Woman occupies a position all her own in the eternal economy of the Creator; and in that position she is as truly superior to man as is he to her in his appointed place. Woman shall yet come to her own, exercising her rights and her privileges as a sanctified investiture which none shall dare profane. (James E. Talmage)
Okay now back to this exciting news that I have to share with you.. or have I just blurted out everything on top? Anyhow, do pop by Little Wed Hen or give Marda a buzz. Check them out and read a little more on what they have to say.
Taken: 05/18/2011
So what I want to do in the workshop is to define what those so-called rules are and why they matter; to demonstrate what the consequences are of breaking them and stress that an author neeeds a good reason to do it ... and then provide the tools that will enable people to go ahead and do just that.
Karen Tierney of Studio Trousseau has been a design professional for over 25 years in the Bay Area. Her focus is on designing and producing custom-made wedding gowns and historic gowns, and the restoration and preservation of historic gowns—particularly the lacework. Her detailed work reflects her ability to blend history with fashion-forward style.
Potiche (Ozon)
Wow--where do the weeks go? Monday I thought: "I'm really in a blogging mood this week, maybe I'll post a bunch." As you can tell, it's now Thursday and that hasn't happened, but here I am today to share updates from my weekend and Halloween.
I don't need to change my comments to word verification (a real pain) or comments "to wait until I moderate them" (at least not yet) since Blogger is really doing a great job....
I dream about it. That’s how I know what it really is. What it really wants. The children. The last couple had none, preferring work to family (and there is the most likely reason the cherub made them leave) but we have three under ten, young and healthy. I’ve told them to stay far away from the cherub. At first they asked why and at first I told them but my dreams – nightmares – transferred to them and I had to backtrack, to tell them I was just playing and that it wasn’t going to get them. They still don’t play near it though, and I’m glad about that.
Experience Hendrix, LLC sues Capitol Records and the Beastie Boys for using various Hendrix samples on the song “Jimmy James” from the Check Your Head album. Though Jimi himself claims to have nothing to do with the lawsuit he takes a hard beating from the music press and fans.
You can find the recipe online here, but in a nutshell, this burger is comprised of beef mince, sun-dried tomatoes, capers, cornichons (for which I substituted gherkins) and fresh herbs (I only used coriander and dried tarragon and skipped the thyme). The burgers are browned to medium rare on each side:
Wershler’s presentation examined McLuhan’s poetic approach to writing, and his decidedly non-academic approach to citations in his work. The session’s respondent was Concordia PhD candidate Christina Haralanova.
Bill: "Um. Will you excuse me a second?"
Blush from Stampin Up
Who knew the birthday party circuit could be so nasty!
Three new independent organs will be created –
It slips into the kitchen where I’m chopping meat,
what is it that makes us need to box things up?
Last Sunday Charlotte wasn't feeling well. This past Sunday Genevieve came down with a fever in the afternoon. Yesterday everyone was great. Today Xander came down with a fever, too. While Genevieve just stayed quietly on the sofa and rested until she was up to moving around more and eating, Xander has been sleeping most of the day. When he isn't sleeping he's crying and wants me to hold him constantly. Very much abnormal for him. He loves his hugs, cuddles, snuggles, and holding onto, but not like this.
So once the medical check was done I mingled with my crew at the starting line before the mandatory meeting in the afternoon. This was the first time the nerves hit. Standing at the starting line of the most prestigious 100 mile race in the country. The emotions begin to flow. I trained so hard to get here. To finish this race would be the pinnacle of my athletic career!!
Deirdra: Where do your ideas come from? How do you know the idea is good enough to write about?
WIE: In addition to being a scientist, you are also a spiritual practitioner. Could you talk a little bit about what brought you to spirituality?
There is little doubt about Colton almost dying. Going five days before being diagnosed with a ruptured appendix. By then his body was full of infection. The doctors left tubes in Colton’s abdomen to drain the infection. His ordeal lasted 15 days, Colton was released from the hospital. Burpo gives credit the prayers of God’s people for the miraculous deliverance of Colton death.
Some of Perez’s posts have been reported to be borderline bullying; he has even been blamed for Lindsey Lohan’s self-destruction. Since the cyber bullying craze Perez has decided to scale back on his name calling on his site. He has decided that he is not a good influence for the youth by opening bashing celebrities and their lifestyles.
So in the meantime, I’ve had to listen to it via other means. Well I hit the jackpot with this CD. This guitarist is actually not Spanish, he is from Montenegro, but he is a master at classical guitar, and several of his pieces on this album are Spanish. Listening to it at home seems to calm everyone down, and everyone says they like it. Maybe it’s partly helping us in our New Years resolution of not yelling so much.
Was it a need of a fraction more from those roasted nuts to better complement the delicately zesty hops?
As the Burma campaign illustrated, there are few companies that can resist such concerted pressure.
E. Essential start to your day: Something to drink other than water!
I then brought it to the sink, and rinsed it in first cold water then hot, and then cold again, and then put it in the dryer for a few minutes, and then left it in the sun to dry completely.
or of white
So, you may be asking yourself, what does the next week bring for me? So, I would answer you, a shit ton of stuff. Oral Spanish interview in the morning, working in the Alumni office later on to help with pre-graduation stuff, and Potter’s House with the Authentic Ministries crew tonight. A barbecue at the Drury Ambassador advisor’s house on Thursday, and another barbecue with Authentic on Sunday. A computer science program due Friday that I haven’t started yet, and two labs that were started in March but were never finished (with good reason). Cleaning the bathroom Saturday. Mounting my photographs on boards (and first buying said boards). FINALS (one on Tuesday, + a paper being due, and one on Wednesday). I’m going home WEDNESDAY! Packing. Gotta do that Monday, I suppose. My mom is coming around 3 on Wednesday and I have to check out by 4:30. So this should be fun.
from an adoption forum
We should not be sooo judgemental of others because we NEVER know if it will be OUR TURN to have one of our loved ones names in black and white in the newspaper and t.v. screens.
The acting is brilliant. McCoy is unflinchingly cold in his surgical dismissal of Ace, and Aldred is achingly shattered as his words bring her own fears about herself to the surface.
Well I’m going to call it a night. I’m tired. My sore on my butt is healing up real good, I’m out of medication, so now it’s going to have to heal on it’s on. Then I have to go back to the Surgeon on May 11 to have the Cyst removed.
This year has been both busy and stressful for me. Like my flight around the coast of Australia, not everything has gone to plan. I’ve achieved some of my goals but others have had to be moved to 2012.
This journal is created using a padded mailer envelope. The journal cover is hand painted, stenciled, inked and doodled with a ribbon tie closure. Journal is decorated with misc. papers, ribbon, lace, scrap fabrics, and has a lace zipper flower on the front.
Friends, we're nearly out of time. So many of you have expressed concern about my poor cousin, whose life has been reduced to something out of that Lady Gaga / Beyonce Telephone video with much dumpier outfits.
His owner, a 64-year-old woman, once lost another parakeet after it flew away and was determined not to make the same mistake. "So the owner decided to teach the address to this parakeet after she bought it at a pet store two years ago," a police spokesman said. "The bird's name was found to be Piko-chan as it said, 'You're pretty, Piko-chan."
David Cameron was quick to seize upon Leveson’s remarks when facing the Opposition leader’s damning observations shortly after noon in the Commons, arguing that Miliband should “let the enquiry take its course”. But there are two gaping holes in this argument: why didn’t Leveson let the enquiry take its course, as opposed to intervening in such an inexplicable manner? And how can there be any excuse for a Minister who tells the House he is releasing all the correspondence about the enquiry…but is later shown to have left out all the incriminating bits?
And then the moment of truth: Will you move back? I asked her.
“Maya” is “Illusion” in English.
Thanks for your visit ladies, hope you like it and see you soon!
No arrangement could be better designed to allow a total abuse of power by the man, who controls both the Government and the country’s richest natural resource. So, why doesn’t Musa Aman reform it?
Ravishing Rosettes by Smadar Grossman.
Bottom line: it’s the little details that can affect your flight experience. Work with a private aviation consultant who has booked international travel before and can handle all the details. Make sure your consultant has the trip management capabilities to handle a European trip and can give you an all-inclusive price, including fuel (measured by the liter, fuel is much more expensive in Europe).
Here in OK, we have been having some of the most beautiful warm sunshiny days! Yesterday was just that ~ sunny & warm UNTIL around 4:30 in the afternoon. The wind turned around to the North and my oh my did it ever blow! By the time we went to church @6:30 the temperature had dropped 15 degrees and was still going down! When we got home, guess what??? It started snowing!! HARD! Everything was covered except our streets which were still warm from the day!
Apparently they are now also the go to for scaring away birds, greeting the new day and waking up neighbours.
the story is about a girl named Noah who chooses to go to Saint Rinnell after seeing a really handsome guy in one of their brochures. she’s a really talented painter and was adopted by her grandparents when she was young so she’s always loved her family but is a little bit….weird. during the opening ceremony of her school, she sees the guy from the brochure but ends up getting suspended. then her house burns down and since they have a large debt to pay back she started to plan on quitting school but the guy that she followed to the school tells her that he’ll pay for the debt. of course, this leads to a huge mess that i’m really looking forward to
And the ache of such loss deep beyond my repair.
Have a lovely lovely Friday and an amazing weekend!
1) Use only the True/False cards and the cube.
someone to date. Nice looking. Doesn’t appear to wear anything camouflage. (Most of the guys around here wear camouflage or deer motiff and sport a chewing tobacco smile.) Nice guys, but I am an animal lover and I guess I live in the wrong part of the country. I am not into seeing 16 pictures of a hunter holding a deer by the antlers, posing behind their pickup truck. Anyways, back to this yahoo personal guy….. I thought maybe he was doing a social experiment or someone was messing with him and put the ad in without him knowing. Hmmmm…..interesting.I don’t know. I mean, he could be a goofball head. So, I read his limited profile, since there was no way in hell I was going to join yahoo personals just to find out more about him.
now that I find myself back in the the market in the ripe old age of 51 AND I am not the ONLY one!!!!!!
Reference List
The man tried not to look but he had already seen that the old man had wet himself, a dark pool gathering on his brown corduroy pants. A grimace went across his face and he tried to duck away from the nurse before she could address him. He just wanted to get this over with.
Photo Note: Taken with the EOS 7D and EF 35 f1.4 L with single speedlight 580EX2. The dish was photographed as it was served without any adjustment or styling for the photography. Burger was eaten within minutes of image taken!
We have so much extra stuff. I seem to buy fruits & vegetables just to let them rot in the refrigerator. Actually, sometimes I just leave them in bags on the kitchen floor. Again, my homemaking skills are in need of adjustment.
I’ve previously expounded on the many health dangers of aspartame, and all of those dangers apply equally to neotame. But as if aspartame wasn’t bad enough, NutraSweet “improved” the aspartame formula by adding 3,3-dimethylbutyraldehyde, which blocks enzymes that break the peptide bond between aspartic acid and phenylalanine, thereby reducing the availability of phenylalanine. This eliminates the need for a warning on labels directed at people who cannot properly metabolize phenylalanine.
I recently read another article on the dangers of information overload. In my view there cannot be too many articles on information overload as this is a serious problem. This Newsweek article1 is quite good. It reported the reseach of the Director of the Center for Neural Decision Making at Temple University, Angelika Dimoka, who employed brain imaging (fMRI) techniques to examine how the brain respond people are trying to make decisions when they are severely overtaxed. She found that activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, a region behind the forehead that is responsible for decision making and the control of emotions, suddenly fell off when the information load increased. It was similar to a circuit breaker popping. Now activity in the parts of the brain registering emotional activity, the parts of the brain normally kept in check by the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, ran wild. So the research participants made stupid decisions and their anxiety levels soared.
If you think I am kidding about how quickly all of this happens, well, first off, Fuck You, because I don't lie! And second, here's the actual relevant unedited episode itself:
The members of our merry dining crew have all been terribly spoilt by the generosity of Mr and Mrs Pig Flyin'. Our original aim was to rotate as hosts for roving dinner parties, but lately it's all been about Chez Pig. Pig Flyin cooks with such selfless generosity and unparalleled effort that we can never resist another invite. And it always beggars belief that Pig Flyin' is an entirely self-taught cook who works in IT.
1/2 cup of organic millet flour
Campbell
Crushed Nutter Butters
What were your faves last month?
This one comes from Meher Pudumjee- the chairperson of Thermax Ltd.
But probably you’ve already noticed the most glaring exception from the list, by far the most dangerous individual on the Island. That’s right, it’s–
"No, but he was upset."
The British authorities has no legal jurisdiction and demands the Burgundians to form a committee based on the legal guidelines with the long-defunct dukedom prior to negotiating with them. Historical Burgundian law calls for which the Duke himself appoint a council. Without having 1, all appears lost – until a youthful gentleman from Dijon (Paul Dupuis) actions forward and proves that he may be the heir towards the dukedom. He duly types a governing body; 1 of its members is the shrewd shopkeeper Arthur Pemberton (Stanley Holloway) Timeless DVDs.
Think that’s good? It only gets better. There’s cross-dressing maidens, nefarious wreckers, drunken parsons, loose women and chaste maidens. It ends, as all things should, with multiple marriages and a finale for the ages. Any troupes out there interested in staging this shipwreck classic?
7 rather
10 cloves garlic, minced
12.) Top with approx ¼ cup of chicken pot pie mix
Christofle’s new line of Haute Orfèvrerie designed by Canadian designer Karim Rashid is a collection that proves that forward thinking and respect for the use of old materials combined with cutting-edge techniques like Clivetage (engraved metal), and Dorure Partielle (gold-plating).
I like roller derby. My current favorite team is The Jersey Shore Rollergirls. I also like the Penn Jersey She Devils. I go to bouts as much as possible! There's nothing like strong independent women rolling around a track trying to beat the Hell out of a bunch of other women! And they're snarky!
Yesterday morning, the morning of Christmas Eve, my mother’s cousin died at home in Scotland.
Early last month we were treated to new “endorsements” by the two dweebs running for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff.
Esperanza’s
interesting what pops up as word gets round!
"Go? Go where, Grandma?" I asked. I hadn't even finished my second world-famous, cinnamon bun. "Where" turned out to be Kerby's General Store, the one store in town that had a little bit of just about everything. As we walked through its doors, Grandma handed me ten dollars. That was a bundle in thosedays. "Take this money," she said, "and buy something for someone who needs it. I'll wait for you in the car." Then she turned and walked out of Kerby's.
In the absence of such explosive materials, Iraq insurgents would have been forced to produce home-made explosives to build such devices, which would have drastically reduced their ability to wage their irregular campaign. Those involved in our looming conflict will operate under precisely these sorts of restraints. Though military, industrial, or commercial connections may allow those on the British side to acquire a certain quantity of commercial or military explosives, steady supplies of such material can hardly be relied upon. Accordingly, the amount and type of explosives available to each side will be a function of the following: a) their degree of access to relevant chemical precursors, and b) their technical proficiency in producing the required explosive substances and detonating them. Let us consider each in turn.
I watched the entire Ocean’s Trilogy (2001's Oceans Eleven, 2004's Ocean’s Twelve and 2007's Ocean’s Thirteen) for the first time this weekend. The cast is loaded! George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Elliot Gould, Carl Reiner, Bernie Mac, Casey Affleck, Scott Caan, Andy Garcia, Vincent Cassel, and Al Pacino all have great fun on camera. The heist plots make for an exciting watch.
can easily troubleshoot and fix things by simply pushing some other buttons.
“What’s your best guess?” Hood asked. “You think they’ll move along?”
The only thing left to do is decide when to break out the fall decor. I’m thinking mid-September or perhaps after Labor Day if I’m feeling ambitious.
Continue this process 3 more times, then end with a final layer of 6-8 sheets of dough. Brush the top layer of dough with butter, too. This isn’t a diet-friendly recipe, but it’s oh-s0-good!
FOOD STOPS: 7-8 food stops with tastings at each location.
But small mammals are equally well represented. This chipmunk was cracking me up. I've seen squirrels on the sunflower seed feeders before, but, never chipmunks on the niger seed feeders. It must only take 90 gazillion of them to fill those little cheeks.
Many would not believe this however it’s stated that being intimate may help to avoid wasting a person’s life and the explanation why is as a end result of if there is something wrong, they often go to the doctors – finally if their wives don’t make them first that is. Now, if there is something flawed together with his performance and goes for one thing reminiscent of Viagra then the physician will take a document of his situation and doubtless conduct a medical checkup also. It may very effectively be there is a downside or an underlying matter which is causing the person to not really carry out as how he would like. What this really means is that the doctor may spot one thing which is causing the problems; together with things comparable to heart disease. There is likely to be any variety of issues why a person just isn’t performing as he should, some problems the body may need whether it is psychological or otherwise, there must be something wrong.
anthropology I am indebted in general, one which has influenced our
Make a game out of it. You may as well, because no one will be able to force or predict timing. Expect that to be forever and you can only be pleasantly surprised.
Box office: 020 7258 2925
7.Fold into layers.Roll out the dough 5mm thick.
The connections, coincidences, none of it is accidental.
The Other Side
I don’t rant about my kids often, I am, after all, as a parenting journalist considered to be somewhat of an authority on the subject HOWEVER, I am also, after all, very HUMAN. Consider this a rant.
The Feast of Saint Arnold will feature dishes prepared by Scott Castell of Brenner’s. Each dish incorporates a Saint Arnold beer or root beer. Dishes of beef, pork, seafood and poultry will fill each table, and diners will be invited to sample each. They can either eat with utensils or their fingers, whatever feels right. Plus, this is no black-tie affair. In fact, it’s no tie or jacket affair. Just come hungry and casual.
Zombie Photo credit:
The Emily is a 2” grosgrain baby bow with tails on a pinch clip. This versatile bow goes with any outfit – it will complement everything from printed onesies to formal velvet dresses to playtime overalls! Fittingly, it is available in a multitude of colors: black, bubblegum, citron, cream, dark brown, lavender, light blue, pink, pink pearl, red, shocking pink and white.
No idea where it came from but I had the idea of a long abandoned Tea-tray, My house is fit to burst with my old tat so I thought I better start working on some outside art. I have the romantic vision of a long gone relative sitting in the garden with a cup of tea reading his books - he left the tray behind and it has now been found - very weather worn - I often worry about how my mind works...
Mom had an upsetting encounter with a psychologist last week. For her to get her spinal cord stimulators (implants that block pain signals), the insurance company requires a psychological evaluation (similar to that for transplant patients) before we can proceed. The psychologist was rude and condescending to Mom and told her that how fast she got sick, how many doctors she has seen (because no one could figure her out and kept referring her to other) and having me as a service dog were all bad coping techniques. He didn't want to learn what I do and wouldn't answer Mom's, Grandmom's or Granddad's questions about what he meant. Mom is worried, since if this guy says no, Mom won't get her SCS's. So everyone keep your paws crossed that he says yes!
“I would like to clarify the situation relating to possible non-disclosure of payments to players, and in particular the Employee Benefit Trust. Having noted the Scottish Premier League’s intention to investigate this matter, the Board has decided to allow the SPL to complete this process, given our potential status as the appellate body. We retain our position until such time as the SPL’s investigation is concluded.”
ok... whew. wow, that was a long post... are you tired of reading yet? lol
OMGoodness!!!!! This book really spoke to my heart about becoming "a wife after God's own heart"!
It went together really easily, this despite the fact my sewing machine was having the mother of all mardy fits and kept snapping the thread, looping stitches, having tension traumas etc etc…I changed the needle, changed it for a smaller one, changed the upper tension, the lower tension, swore, cursed, took the pins out before sewing over them……I got there in the end but it needs looking at, I think…..a service is long overdue!
There will still be one more After in this foyer's transformation, when we replace the glass with a solid frosted panel. Not sure when we'll go ahead and pull the trigger on that, but it's in the works.
Hana
Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (’05-’08)
To kick things off I thought I'd start with a recipe for homemade Nutella. I've actually made two different versions. One can be found at the Oh Nuts blog--that recipe uses melted chocolate and condensed milk, and has a smoother, fudgier texture. That blog post has step-by-step photos for making Nutella, if you're new to this sort of thing.
Come live with me, and be my love.
Following their evolutionary theme for the RB6, last week their car appeared with a logical development to the RB5 front wing. As with much of the aero on the Newey designed car, the approach is unique. Red Bull have a wing highly integrated into the endplates, with the flap and two slots hard to distinguish from the endplate and main plane.
Five broken rigs!
It also tells stories about the people who live there, and the ones who are trying their best to fit in into that building. Just like one of the characters named Lola Fabrikant, who is striving hard just to fit in into the world of the A-Listers. I find her character annoying, since she’s fond of using people just to get what she wants. Yes, that includes James Gooch who is married and has a son.
Hello, my crafty friends! Today I have instructions for the Birthday Candle Shaped Tag that I posted during the Stamp Release Party.
Should you consider or reconsider organizing your brand, planning your posts and figuring out the best keywords, the best audiences to push to, the best ways to build and develop your message so it can be seen online?
Hid kits are commonly confused by having bulbs that are labeled as Xenon front lights bulbs. In fact, in some situations, the bulb glass on these mediocre products is shaded blue to make their lights seem to be different. However, they generate the exact same or less lighting than a basic vehicle halogen bulb set.
Members at New Life Church are not quick to question God’s authority, said one young worshiper. So when a gunman dawns on the church campus and causes the death of two teenage sisters before being shot down by a church security guard, the church isn’t angry or in despair and asking God “why?”
- We post our challenges every Friday at 12:00pm AEST (AEDT during Daylight Savings).
I am planning to stay in the shower for a very long time when I arrive up North. I may not have time to speak to my parents before I set off to my party 9 hours later because I will be scrubbing my face. I may have to wear a backless frock and a balaclava.
~G
Cole wants to minimize the real fears of the Gulf states about Iran's ambitions and its pursuit of nuclear weapons to achieve them. Of course, he's right that the "street" in the Arab world supports Iran for its virulent stands against Israel. But the people do not rule in any of the Gulf states. They are far from positions of political responsibility, which might actually make them to identify with the interests of their states in the global arena or to articulate realist political stances.
As it happens, Bush has "a lot of respect" for Eno.
AEM is the North American-based international trade group representing the off-road equipment manufacturing industry, and its members manufacture equipment, products and services used worldwide in the agriculture, construction, forestry, mining and utility sectors. AEM is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and has offices in the world capitals of Washington, D.C.; Ottawa, Canada; and Beijing, China. For more information on AEM and its activities, go online to www.aem.org.
In the name of charity, Spain's Athletic Bilbao played against 200 school kids at once! 2 teams of 100 kids each had to play half the game alternately against 11 players from Athletic Bilbao. As 100 kids seemed to be not enough, it was decided to let all the 200 kids play all together.
My love for this Doctor is also heavily influenced by his original novels published after the show was cancelled. Though the current novels are being written for young adults the 7th Doctors novels were written for adults. They were usually dark, complicated, involved science fiction. These were stories that could never have been told on television and that dared to explore some of the backstory and mythology of Doctor Who. Great Books.
To cut a long story short, as we met up for our usual Thursday evening at the quiz, travel vouchers worth £1,000 were presented to the gob-smacked couple along with two tickets to see The Raconteurs (they should've been seeing them in Atlantic City - but they'll have to make do with Manchester ;-)). And there's still a couple of hundred pounds to put towards a helicopter ride round the Grand Canyon.
Lennon
I for one have spoken out against Leaf many times over the past six months, especially when it comes to their cheap-looking Superfractor knock-off but have been impressed with their awesome autograph line-up in 2011 Legends of Sport. It makes Upper Deck’s similar offering of World of Sports look like an unfair fight. I hope Leaf can build up from this success moving forward. I cannot wait to see what they release next.
That I spent so much time with these games suggests that I have derived an above-average amount of enjoyment from them. This is not to say that I think they have been perfect games. I have talked before about the ways in which I think the Paragon/Renegade system, and the overly-obvious way that system was implemented in dialogue simply reinforces an archaic “kill puppies for Satan/hug puppies for Jesus” morality system. While I like the character of Thane Krios overall, I find the dualism he articulates to be so weak that a first year undergraduate could destroy it without breaking a sweat, and EDI’s comments about what constitutes the transhuman condition to be very ill-defined. Certainly I appreciated that on the whole Mass Effect was willing to touch on philosophical issues, but I tended to be disappointed that they tended to do so in ways that were both blunt (often clumsily so) and watered down. While playing the second game my fingers were reduced to bloody nubs, and my mouth became a font which spewed nothing but profanity more than once during the course of Garrus’ recruitment mission.
So I had to cancel the idea. But the spark of hope never faded.
I believe this is a form of geometric modulation performed via NEXRAD towers….. I believe it induces or accentuates unformed / currently forming storms.
Tell me when will you be mine
As always I had a lovely time, and I can't wait until our next meeting in March!
If you are an attentive reader, you may have picked up on my choice of words: ”The first sex toy that I ever bought…”
What I Talk About When I Talk About Running by Haruki Murakami -I’m long overdue in reading this highly touted memoir by novelist Murakami. He writes in a journal-like style with jotting down his thoughts on different dates and giving readers an inside look into how he thinks, why he runs, and how he became a novelist. It’s an interesting running book as it delves more into the day-by-day workings of a man’s mind rather than on a longer narrative. If you’re a runner or a writer, then you will like this little book.
The Emmanuel Cancer Foundation, an organization dedicated to providing services to families who have children with cancer, will hold a fundraising golf tournament on Tuesday, Sept. 20, at the Woodlake Country Club in Lakewood.
Hey, looky: Now it’s easy to subscribe to secondcousincurly.com. See that little button over on the right? Click it, sign up, and you’ll get a polite little message every time I put up new stuff.
Right Guard Body Wash (same +UPR as the Dial (LIMIT 1)) is producing (2) $2 +UPR instead of 1. This might not last.
Shawn Edward Bowman, 28, New York, N.Y.
the reins abruptly down on the horses’ backs,
SCHLESSINGER: They did, and I'll say it again --
This is intensely personal for me, because there are so many whom I want to see saved, who seem so stubborn in their unbelief. It breaks my heart. I need to remember that it breaks God’s heart far more, because He literally loves each of them enough to send His Son to die for them. There is even one who comes to church regularly, but loves his pet sin too much to be willing to let go of it to receive life. I have no wisdom or strength to get through to these people, so I need to keep praying for them and allowing God’s love to flow through me to them. The man I will see tonight is a particular case in point. Pride is his prison, and he doesn’t even see that the door is already open. It is the Holy Spirit who convicts of sin, righteousness and judgment, (John 16:8-11) so I need to be fully available for however He wants to use me in bringing this man to repentance and faith. That actually is true of everyone to whom I minister, so humble, trusting obedience must be my constant attitude.
Nothing much wrong, just a cold. And during the time I wasn't plopped on the couch with my head in a book I've been thinking about Mothers Day. My attitude to that has changed over the years, too. I used to believe it was a load of old rubbish, commercialism at its worst. I still think the commercialism stinks.
Below are a few of my top choices from SNB:
I'm not going to write on essay on whether or not young celebrities should be getting plastic surgery because I'm sure they all have their reasons and/or body dysmorphic disorder (ahem, HEIDI) which in that case I truly do feel sorry for them. I'm certainly not opposed to getting some botox here and there if needed in a few years down the road or maybe even an eye or face lift when I become droopy at an older age. (Hey, I do some acting on television and film so can you blame me if I want to look a few years younger when I'm 45?). But when I came across the pic of twenty four year-old, beautiful as-is Megan Fox the other day when I was scrolling through my favorite, guilty-pleasure tabloid website TMZ, it made me think: If these young celebrities are getting plastic surgery now, what are they going to look like in 10, 20, 30 years from now? Here's a preview below.
Likewise in the picture below, the leaves and branches look unfocused and blurred, while the waterfall in the background is clear and crisp. Like Sara Rosso (the challenge photographer), I kept these pictures as a testament to the fun my mother and I had – a physical reminder of our trip. I like them even more for their being partially “unfocused”: I am given the opportunity to see the same site from two different perspectives, and appreciate it all the more.
I’ve heard an expression: “Some people are so heavenly-minded, they are no earthly good.” I detest that expression. It is entirely false. I have never met anyone who is too heavenly-minded. And the most resurrection-oriented people I know are the ones who have done the most for the Lord and for their fellow human beings here and now. It is only when we lost sight of resurrection that we become focused on making ourselves happy here and now, whatever the cost.
1 packet of gravy mix (I used Au Jus)
Okay, confession time.
“I don’t think I have DID. I just make all this stupid stuff up in my head. I don’t know where it comes from or why. Maybe I’m delusional……I don’t know.”
It never has happened and it will never happen.
To be honest, it feels like a bit of a hollow victory in that my partner in thinness and I were unable to follow Tracy's diet to the letter but, as you will have read, it was not going to happen.
The tree is firmly rooted, planned, has a great environment, and has a never-ending source. This tree is set up for success. In its season it will produce fruit. It has to, look at everything surrounding the tree. It is impossible not to bear fruit at this point. But what I want to focus on is the leaf. Immediately when reading the word “wither”, I thought of the reference in Isaiah 40:8, “The grass withers, the flower fades, But the word of our God stands forever.” So for this leaf not to wither it either disproves the Bible, or the leaf has the word of God in it. When reading this I think that the man is so deeply rooted into the word of God, that from the root to the leaf, the strongest part to the weakest part, the word of God is etched into it. Everything about that tree shines the law of the LORD, and brings glory to the Divine Author, GOD. This is the prayer of my life, and I feel it should be the prayer for every Christian.
What is sad, is that everything that I have written here does not matter one lick. The way he sees it is that none of what I said nor my arguments are based on scripture. Therefore they are irrelevant. I am irrelevant. No wonder I’m depressed.
If you’re sick with instant noodles (most of them are salty and with less add-ons), you should coddle your stomach once in a while. Many restaurants out there dish out authentic Chinese food. You just gotta find the right flavor over novelty and essence over gimmickry.
Ricardo Estrada
Submit a caption for The New Yorker cartoon posted below.
Kuah:
Dom has built strong and lasting relationships with alumni, fans, and supporters and has represented the Department of Athletics and the George Washington University with class and dignity. He has been not only a trusted advisor but also a good friend who will be greatly missed.
Things can—and will—go wrong in every job, but when you’re responsible for the success of others, the opportunity for problems rises significantly. It’s not avoiding problems that makes you an excellent manager, but rather how you respond to the glitches, delays and disasters.
Members of the People’s Assembly shall be elected by the public, secret, direct and equal vote in accordance with the provisions of the Election Law.
IGP.. cam mane nih ?
"But before we look at what is wrong and address it, we need to understand something. The core problem isn't the fact that we're lukewarm, halfhearted, or stagnant Christians. The crux of it all is why we are this way, and it is because we have an inaccurate view of God. We see Him as a benevolent Being who is satisfied when people manage to fit Him into their lives in some small way. We forget that God never had an identity crisis. He knows that He's great and deserves to be the center of our lives. Jesus came humbly as a servant, but He never begs us to give Him some small part of ourselves. He commands everything from His followers."
Two different brands, three different lengths. All three with rolled ends.
Harvey V. Fineberga and Mary E. Wilson
And also what they do
I am injured. My wrist is all messed up and sitting here typing is painful! I have so many things I want to tell you guys about but it's just going to have to wait until the pain goes away some. Pain was not going to get in the way, however, of announcing the winner from the Hug-A-Hero doll giveaway!
But it is too simplistic to claim that government support is the only reason China has had some B2B success. The strength of the country’s scientific and technical talent is growing, and local companies increasingly bring real capabilities to the table. What’s more, a number of government-supported innovation efforts have not been successful. Some notable examples include attempts to develop an indigenous 3G telecommunications protocol called TDS-CDMA and to replace the global Wi-Fi standard with a China-only Internet security protocol, WAPI.
The autistic boy is believed to be the father of the infant in the case.
elections would be held under the auspices of a coup regime, the UN,
In addition to these new irritants, Dead Souls is plagued by issues familiar to the series, including endless pages of text dialogue and frequent loading screens. In a lethargic opening similar to Yakuza 4, I was more than an hour into the Dead Souls and had barely moved my character more than a few dozen feet.
Gear handle goes all the way around wheel and makes a clicking sound.
In a report designed to prove the feasibility of measuring electrodermal activity on subjects going about their daily life, at least one student showed near brain-death during class. Explains A LOT. Especially why students sometimes take off their socks and play with their toes.* BECAUSE THEY ARE TRYING TO SURVIVE.
Let’s now take a look at the boat. It was large, having the furnishings for 276 passengers made up of soldiers, sailors and prisoners along with a few (at least two) passengers. We know from the context that Luke and Aristarchus accompanied Paul on the trip.
That's my ultimate dream: to lift others up with the blessings I've been given. I suppose I'm going to get there in a roundabout way and at a glacial pace (Aaron Standard Time), as I've done everything my whole life, but there you go.
Here is someone trying to get elected to lead the country, and in that is campaigning to help mystical people.
Posted by Jess
Crazy Love by Trailer Bride
While Ching may have been the real McCoy (or should I say the real Chee Toy?), Chung was the superior showman, more “Chinese” than an actual Chinese person, because he knew just what the mostly-white audience’s biases were. He gave them the dime-store Chinaman they wanted, something an actual Chinese person could never hope to fathom. In vaudeville, phony tended to play better than authentic. Chung made his entrance from the ceiling suspended by his Manchurian pigtail. Ching would never do any such thing for the simple reason that his pigtail was real! Chung went the whole nine yards, even speaking only in mock Chinese and conducting press interviews through an interpreter.
It's too late to vote for a winner in yesterday's contest. But all this week dog's will be competing. You can vote for the winner in each round on ABC's FaceBook page I know, I know...another facebook deal... it just ain't right
Maison Martin Margiela set of four rose gold-plated knuckleduster rings.
Are you continuing saying that your shoes are dirty?
Where: Winking Lizard
This is not the actual trap, because it also refused to cooperate with photographs. But it's a pretty close imitation.
If you don’t like the track, you’ve probably never felt that rush when you think you might have hit the trifecta. And then the board posts the unofficial numbers, you wait through a photo finish, and you realize, damn right, you hit the tri. If you don’t know that rush, then don’t roll your eyes at the track.
In 2004, judges wrecked the governments’ attempt to control terrorists by detaining suspects without trial, which was introduced after 9/11, in “The Belmarsh Judgement.” This is customary in war but the judiciary pretend we are not at war. Lord Hoffman, made the ludicrous statement that Muslim extremism does not imperil the nation: “The real threat to the life of the nation, in the sense of a people living in accordance with its traditional laws and political values, comes from laws such as these.”
True there were excesses. Those with money were not afraid to show it. In 2006 Ireland, apparently, had the highest per capita private ownership of helicopters in the world (who makes these calculations?); “EVERYONE owns a helicopter”, one multi – millionaire businessman remarked to me. Even among those who didn’t, purchases of Mercedes, Beamers and high-end SUVs were sufficiently common to make it appear the roads were choked with them. But the prosperity had trickled down , and spread out. Altogether, in the three years 2005-2007, 671,000 fresh automobiles were registered, one for every five people in the country aged fifteen and up . The purchase of holiday homes and investment properties in Ireland and in locations like Bulgaria, Turkey and elsewhere became commonplace, not just for the wealthy but for many others, cashing in on the equity in their houses.
Seats: 8
as the space beneath these red eyes will permit.
Last month our family watched "Exit Through the Gift Shop." We loved it. In fact Gracie was bound and determined to become a street artist when she grew up. I tried to explain that while the art was fun and the story was great, vandalism isn't a good thing. But she was smitten. Her obsession with Banksy finally wavered a bit after she saw his recent Charlie Brown street art. Oh, ho, ho -- you mess with Gracie's beloved Charlie Brown, and you've crossed the line buddy.
“That’s an automatic reflex,” Rivera explained. “When you see a black or Latino youngster, particularly on the street, you walk to the other side of the street. You try to avoid that confrontation. Trayvon Martin, God bless him. He’s an innocent kid, a wonderful kid, a box of Skittles in his hand, he didn’t deserve to die, but I’ll bet you money if he didn’t have that hoodie on, that nutty neighborhood watch guy wouldn’t have responded in that violent and aggressive way.”
What do you think of the new look?!!!
This isn't entirely fair, but I'm going to write about If.... even though I still don't quite know what to think about it. I've been waiting to see If.... for at least 10 years now, maybe longer. It started with my teenage love of Malcolm McDowell, incepted with A Clockwork Orange, and then when I was about . . . fifteen? I caught a section of O Lucky Man! on cable. I didn't know what the fuck I was seeing, and it was basically impossible for me to find Man again, or to find If.... at all. Damn small-town video stores and the nascent interwebs.
I started saving £5 a month many years ago when I earned £80 per week, my rent was £40 of that. It was back breaking work and very hard to put that £5 aside, but I did it. The years went by and I increased the amounts as I could, I couldn’t yet afford a pension yet so at least I thought I should increase the savings slowly.
Probably not one of my shining moments. But when I looked over at R, he was bawling too.
Christ commanded his apostles to baptize.
SO this week at MDUC we were asked to use this photo for inspiration, which is so pretty. Immediately my mind went to Kaisercrafts "Chanteuse Collection" filled with greens, pinks and browns.
Sausage Rolls
Ray Jones Player's Player of the Year - Clint Hill
**1976…Hmm. Sums up our lives today pretty well?!? The fun starts at 1:35…**
Well, I think I’ve learned more from this experience than you. I don’t have many friends who have children, those that do live far away from us. You sometimes have Dylan over to play, he lives a couple of doors down from us … or there’s Chloe and Natasha who have kids and you sometimes play with them.
One by one we contacted people that we knew were coming only to find out that they couldn't make it. Zee, my beautician had got home late and didn't have time to get to Bristol, K had got as far as Shepton Mallet before being defeated by all the traffic resulting from people leaving Glastonbury and also everyone who was trying to get the Bristol for a Bon Jovi concert. I certainly can pick nights to do things. I think I might just have to do my routine again especially for Lou, Zee and K. More locally this time, I'm sure that I can find a suitable venue.
How did you get involved in the movie in the first place?
Christian started reading early. When he was four, he read “The Monster at the End of This Book” (with lovable, furry old Grover). At first I thought he was quoting it from memory. Four thousand repetitions will do that for a kid. But his reading repertoire expanded quickly, so I knew it was for real. He liked stories so much that he began writing his own as soon as he could hold a pencil. The first one I remember was about a boy who fell into a large bottle of soda. A giant drank the soda, swallowed the boy, and when he burped, the boy came out in a bubble. The story was complete with color illustrations. As mothers do, I kept it for years, but in one of our moves I packed it along with more of his early papers and sent them to him. If I still had it, I’d probably frame it along with a print-out of his recent article in The Washington Post.
makes you dance on the tunes of time”
Their needle-like fangs can inflict deep puncture wounds, and the bite is venomous: a paralysing and necrotizing poison that numbs and eats away at the surrounding tissue, leaving it dead and gangrenous. A bite to a hand or foot will, over the course of a few Turns, will leave it numb, useless and stinking. A bite to the head or neck can easily kill the victim.
This is my Koden-gaes: Giving a token in acknowledgement of an obituary gift.
Every man’s idea of a real woman is going to vary based on their own character and life experiences. Their perception of this type of woman will always be based on the fact that her self-image is the same or higher than his. The truth of the matter though, is that real women are waiting on men of all ‘levels’ to rise to the occasion and take a chance. How do I know this? Because I’ve been there more than once. There have been numerous times when quality girls have shown interest in me and my self-image wouldn’t allow me to pursue them. It wasn’t until I started understanding myself and starting on a quest to become a real man who I was able to pursue my wife, and even then I had some issues to resolve from within before I could consider making her my wife.
What’s this all about? Would it reduce the unemployment rate, or end wars? No, say scientists, but it would help explain why we, and the rest of the universe, exist. It would explain why the matter created in the Big Bang has mass, and is able to coalesce. Without it, as CERN explained in a background paper, “the universe would be a very different place…. no ordinary matter as we know it, no chemistry, no biology, and no people.”
The scenario above is not intended as a prediction of what is likely to transpire with respect to Islam in Denmark or any other country. Rather, it is intended as a narrative, stitched together out of a large number of events (such with much precedent, some less) to try and stimulate an examination of the long-term implications of the Islamization of European countries, and certain issues that may have to be dealt with in fighting it. It is reasonably plausible in certain respects, and less so in others, but it is hoped that it will at least act as a springboard for further discussion.
She is so talented! She hand-made many bits and pieces of infant couture and also made a gorgeous baby quilt for Michael to coordinate with his little bedroom. Where would we be without her? Thank you, Maureen!
Now you can do what you want with your card. You can create your own title by welding together fonts. A tutorial on using the font tool to create welded titles can be found here
“A leader can’t be successful in creative problem-solving and making excellent decisions unless that person is connected to people and passions outside of work. I find that it’s often time with family and friends that gives me the perspective I need to build the relationships and make the decisive actions required for continued success in business,” says Moore.
but this one makes me smile the most.
6x9 oil on canvas
- Support Living Local: Organize a group which reviews new neighbourhood plans, and other area plans, to ensure the land use plans provide opportunities to play, gather with neighbours, shop, attend school and perhaps work close to home. Work with the Board on recreation facility planning and school closures as needed.
People would be talking about them at least 'till next October.
“Why? I’m paid for the whole night” she said lazily.
5 half
Devil's Kiss tells the story of a modern teenage girl raised by her father to become a member of an ancient order of knights, drawing on the mythology of the Knights Templar and the Crusades. Beatrice Springborn, who joined Hurd's Valhalla Entertainment as executive VP of production and development last year, picked up the project. The books and TV series will appeal to fans of Twilight and True Blood, according to GIT CEO O'Connell.
This earthly life become the life divine.
Amy Bowerman Stucki of Plucking Daisies created a wonderful keychain full of handmade Alice charms! She had some leftovers from last week's project, so she covered the images stamped on textured cardstock with Glossy Accents.
The thought of Danny burned her already flushed face. Raina put her hands flat against Tyler’s chest. His warmth heated her palms, making her hesitate. She wanted to pull him back to her, but instead watched him move away without any resistance.
Danny Friedmann
No Cry Sleep Alternatives:
Before I was an intern, I had read that something like 90% of authors disqualified themselves without us even reading their query. I felt for sure that all those previous query-reading interns must have been wrong. I was going to blaze in there and find all these fab books and spend my time happily reading future bestsellers.
Each carrying their own load gracefully, often without grumble, and always with love.
Crabby Seafood Hickory Ranch Spring Spinach
For this week's contest, we're revisiting Asslandia, because butt jokes are comedy gold. Let's see what y'all can do with the... sigh. Really? That's what it's called?
However, I do want to occasionally just write some things that are REALLY as much for me as they are for you. Things that I want to remember and, quite frankly, WON'T if I don't write them down. So, you might ask.... why not just pull out a spiral notebook and write them there? Because, friends.... if my house burns down, my spiral notebook will burn down with it. My.blog.will.not.
Bake for 20 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let the brownies cool completely in the pan. Run a thin knife along the sides of the pan to loosen any caramel that might be stuck, then use the foil to lift the brownies from the pan and cut into squares for serving.
Within social and human sciences the American hegemony of the last decades is slowly declining but, on the other side, the English language and Anglo-Saxon forms and standards of university education are more prevailing than ever. Within popular music this construction of the scientific field corresponds neatly with the construction of the field to be studied. USA dominates, with some competition from Britain, and contributions ‘from outside’ are mainly from other English-speaking countries like Australia and Canada.
In addition Chantal and I have started a fresh batch of Cabernet Savignon.
Nazaryan writes:
CCD Policies- Review and explain the CCD Policies that are in the Parent/Student Handbook so the catechist will know what they are and what the parent and student must follow so there will be no misunderstandings. This will allow CCD to be able to run smoothly and without any problems.
In defense of the 693 Brooklynites who joined the nightmare ranks of those facing foreclosure this month (and all their counterparts already suffering), I offer the latest big real estate news from Northwest Brooklyn (Manhattan): Tishman Speyer has handed the keys to Stuy-Town over to the banks who financed the $6.3 billion debacle after defaulting on the mortgage. These were not optimistic homeowners seeking a piece of the American Dream--these were, in theory and the estimation of their peers, the finest minds in finance and real estate, from Tishman to BlackRock to Merrill Lynch. In an interesting piece detailing the sale before the default, the Observer likens the rhetoric in the lead-up to the sale to vintage Bush-Cheney-Rumsfeld chatter about Iraqi WMDs. If nothing else, it illustrates the point that even the savviest dealmakers in New York City came up clueless, which adds some perspective to any critique of a Brooklyn homeowner.
1. A New Day Yesterday
Some-days I choose to be happy my jaw aches from the clenching and bearing, some days the weight and the fear,the pure exhaustion of the daily mountain of shame, grief and sorrow, kick my tush into the back of my walk-in- closet for a good cry. Then I CHOOSE to walk out of that closet, wipe my nose, and take that mountain step by every loving step.
Party Lola from Simply Betty
Isn't that what is great about trials? They really do make us stronger if we keep going...if we keep climbing. By nature I am quite a lazy person. I prefer the ground and the easiest way from point A to point B. Thanks to a father who likes spending time in the great outdoors, I have been on many a mountain in my lifetime where I have stopped along the way and wondered why I was still going up. It seemed pointless and stupid. I had a bad attitude. I was tired. I was aching from the strain. But I knew that quitting wasn't an option. So I continued on. Huffing and puffing. Creeping along at a snail's pace. At times literally pulling myself up by branches, rocks, whatever I could find to aid my quest to reach the top. And you know, as well as I do, that at the top it really is worth it. The view is incredible. The feeling of overcoming something difficult is truly awesome.
Yeast nutrient with 10 min left in boil
18:00 : 19:00 Networking & Drinks
is initiated by the child. The parents role is to support the child's
In more other news, Gandalf has had 2 full days in kitty confinement with no spraying in the bathroom whatsoever. I visit him often to cuddle, scritch and hold him. Last night I gave him 15 minutes out on the patio. I watched “the business end” every moment as he walked around sniffing fresh air and stretching his legs without incident. Whew. I returned him to kitty confinement just before going to bed. We shall see.
I touched a little bit on this topic in The Dungeon Alphabet in my entry for “W is for Weird,” but that intended for fantasy genre. Although the October Country does veer into that terrain, it’s more horror & wonder than sword & sorcery. Time for some new entries of high weirdness and subtle terror. So, with that in mind, here are a dozen little things that would make me pause if my PC came across them during the course of an adventure:
Why take it out on Paul? He seemed to be the cause of the tumult; or if not he would certainly know what it was all about.
With Earth saved from the Chitauri invasion and New York partially ruined SHIELD is threatened from the notorious councillors who launched the nuclear strike on Manhattan. Director Nick Fury is targeted by another organisation STRIKE who believe SHIELD placed the Earth in danger by creating the Avengers Initiative. But in the heavens an evil warlord named Thanos plans to bring terror and destruction to Earth. With his powers he plans to control each Avenger and destroy Earth from the inside out. However, in Asgard, Loki is on the brink of death from an unknown illness. For weeks he has visions of a world on fire, he insists it’s Earth but the Asgardians don’t believe him.
Emily hugged her knees up tight against her chest remembering all these lovely things that made her feel warm inside. But then she looked at the corner again and remembered that this Christmas something was very different.
Comfort & Joy ... LMN ... 12 AM
Looking at the human body there are three important spots. The brain, the heart and the eyes. I know, I know, I know but that will have to wait for part 6 or 7 of AA&AA. What is coming up here is already hard enough to swallow.
3. Taking Care of Myself
I've not written anything this week due to the fact that I found out some sad news a few days ago, and didn't have much of a heart to write about it until now. It seems that Bay Girl is not staying with us to foal out, but is instead leaving on March 1st to go foal out at another facility. Seeing as her job of uterus will be fulfilled once the foal is weaned, she will not be returning to us. I have no idea where she will go once she her job is complete, or if I will see her again. Chances are that I won't.
some satisfaction with the day and
This site was created by the government to inform and prepare families for emergencies caused by extreme weather events. It's a great resource in classrooms where there is a threat of weather phenomena such as tornadoes and floods. It does a wonderful job of explaining weather events and talking about why and how we have to be prepared for them. Complete with games, checklists, and even teacher and parent materials, it's a great resource for mentally and physically preparing children for extreme weather events.
The nose is fresh and clean with lemon, grapefruit and some apple notes.
You may recall the inept fool that he is Derek Clark, as the MEP for UKIP, turned up at a public meeting in Derbyshire (one of the few he has dared to attend) and boasted of how he had been able to defraud The EU - from a public platform!!!
“24D. Any person who, having made use of a taxi service and without reasonable excuse, fails or refuses to pay the fare as indicated on the taximeter shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $1,000 and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not exceeding $2,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or to both.”
All her life my mother loved flowers and was obsessed with food. She told many stories about growing up during the war with terrifying occupation of both Russians and Germans, whole families fleeing at night time, her baby sister being killed under a pile of people squashed in, and hunger, always so very very hungry.
In lieu of an actual review of an actual movie, let’s review what we have at hand – that poster in the upper left of this article.
SSuite Office – WordGraph 8.4.1 – WordGraph is a free and very useful alternative to Microsoft Word, OpenOffice’s Writer, or anything else out there claiming to be the latest and greatest. You don’t even have a need for .NET or even JAVA to be installed.
The Four Holy Gospels stands in the historic stream of the beautifully hand-illuminated editions of the Gospels created many centuries ago. This exquisite and unique modern edition carries on a classic tradition, beautifully combining the words of the Gospels and original art, inspired by the text, and brilliantly executed for the glory of God.
Work hands on with producers creating a variety of graphics for use on-air, online, at events and more.
I'm taking my daughter to see The Lorex By Dr. Suess Friday after school! It comes out Friday, March 2nd! After the movie, we're going to IHOP to have some Lorax breakfast!
Main: Flowers
To be honest, I'm not much on fashion, but I still thought that was a fun touch.
A baby who is born rich must do good in his life, so he can prove that he deserves the fortune he had received.
About noon I would realize I needed to get dressed and "do something." And maybe feed my kids lunch. Most days, lunch came at 1:30 pm. I did take them to a museum and we spent quite a bit of time there. They did have soccer practice at 5 pm several days that week, so I guess I felt justified in letting them veg in front of the TV. Three days that week, I also got them to the pool and one day my daughter and I went to the farmer's market. So I did make an effort to get us away from the house. Just not really hard.
#2 Tea or coffee or hot cocoa?
I am from Bellingham, Washington, which is only about 1.5-2 hours north of Seattle. When I came back from Costa Rica I came back to my parents house. I had moved all my belongings back in with my parents before I left, since my lease at my apartment of two years expired a week after I left. And I wasn’t coming back to Seattle as a UW student, but as a graduate. I came home to realize how much I missed Seattle, to realize how much I had missed my friends and family, and how connected I really was to where I spent most of my life. I had a similar experience when I left for a month to go to Europe my senior year of high school- you learn to value what you have when you leave, especially when you come home. Now that I am back I am planning a return trip to Monteverde for an uncertain amount of time, but after that I am looking at a potential for National Parks job seasonally in Alaska. However, I am also starting to look into NGO jobs that would be more permanent. It is difficult not to have lag time in between school and the rest of your life when you spend your last school term abroad, still unsure of both what you want and what your options are. Ultimately, my point is that I said good bye to everyone before I left for Costa Rica knowing it wouldn’t be the same when I came back. I was right and wrong at the same time. Right in that it is certainly not since I spend most of my time in another town and come to Seattle as a visitor, however most friendships were similar when I came back. While I don’t endorse making such big decisions based on your friends and where they are- I would offer that it is important to be aware that after college ends keeping friendships is a choice and cannot be passive or they drift away. It shouldn’t change the choice of studying abroad, but perhaps how you plan before leaving and when you return.
First stop will be 10 days in Ukraine. 3 of those days I will spend with Mask and Kitten in Pripyat exploring the mecca of abandonments. Whilst in Ukraine there will be other outings to abandoned wonderlands that people have left to decay over the years. When our time is up there I am going to Belgium to drink beer and eat chocolate. when not drunk, hungover or on a sugar high I will take my camera out and visit the many of the wonderful abandoned buildings that Belgium has to offer.
At one point, Prince SFB looked in our direction and made one of those sexy man faces that only sexy men can make sexy, yaknowwhatimean? Katelynn and I literally squealed, you guys. We literally squealed.
The female constable was arrested in a road-block while driving away from the crime scene – which is 333km from her duty station in Florida. Two other suspects appeared with her, namely Mr Modisaotsile Advocate Koki, 37, and ex-police officer Mr Thembila Johannes Rens, 35 – the latter is believed to be a in a relationship with Mfisa. The fourth suspect is still being sought, reports SAPA.
Oh, and one last thing: that word-- aspiring? It's bullshit. You either are a writer or you're not. Which are you? Actually, part of me hated it, because she's dead right, and I saw my failures writ large there. Who the fuck am I to call myself a writer when I only do it when I "feel like it?" When things get rough I open another document or window, to the point that my boyfriend was horrified at how slow my computer was moving. "You should only have five Word documents open at a time. Macs don't like Word." Mine must despise me because a typical day means 12 open Word documents, about 20 open Firefox tabs and 5-10, sometimes more, in Safari. I'm a greedy hoarder in every aspect of my life. One is never, ever enough. Focus? Ha ha ha. Give me some Vyvanse and then maybe we can talk about focus, but that would require health insurance, which I hope to have again one day soon, but I have more pressing financial concerns right now (see below).
We walked among the flowers and trees until we came to a window. It wasn't attached to a building, it was just sort of suspended in the air in the middle of the garden. She told me to look out the window.
Miep Gies
Octomom reports up to $50,000 in assets in federal court filings, meaning she owes more than 20 times her net worth.
And if W doesn't click with something, we'll toss it. I'm not worrying about it anymore. Homeschooling needs to have that click. I've always believed that kids can only learn (really learn) when their interested in the subject matter. This is something we have to do. I feel at peace with it and W is very eager to begin our new journey, too.
I was thrilled to find these still in flower in my garden a couple of weeks back, usually I'd have to wait till spring to see them but our winter here in Dunedin has been relatively mild so far, but as the old saying goes "as the days grow longer, the cold grows stronger" and we often find that this is the case.
You mentioned you'd already started cooking your next book. Can you tell us something about that?
The Gift of Knowledge
We both still have not reached final goals. But if the scales are correct, I’ve got really only 5 pounds left to go, and he has 8 pounds left, not bad, not bad at all!
Please leave a message or stop back after Jan 20. I will return your visit as soon as possible.
Dry and canned beans (kidney, pinto, green, yellow, refried or black beans)
Turmeric powder – ¼ teaspoon
Later in the afternoon, a first year student at Colorado College said, “It’s been amazing to me to see how much we aren’t told about history in public school. Unless someone tells you, you never really have the chance to realize that most of the people involved would have different stories than what shows up in mainstream American text books – and that a huge number of important events are just left out.”
David Tennant
And he says yes, each and every one is for sale, feel free to browse.
Irene didn’t turn to see the boy on his knees, desperately trying to reassemble pieces of burger and place them back in their polystyrene trays. It was another person’s kindness that brought the hot embarrassed tears to his eyes as he finally sat back, acknowledging that he’d never be able to brush the dirt and grit from the fries lying scattered across the path.
So here's my "sterling plan"...I will check ebay and poke around locally to see the best chances to add to my sterling pattern. I'm hoping I will find some pieces here because the original Oneida factory is about twenty miles from where I live and am hoping that there will be pieces from years ago for sale around here!! Oneida has closed and everything is being made in China, I think...and I don't think that they even do any sterling anymore. They used to have a factory store that sold all sorts of things from the factory and I remember seeing seconds of this pattern there. But those days are gone :-(
“Masuzoe also indicated that Japan would move to stage three of its action plan to treat the virus this week, based on the possibility that infections have reached epidemic proportions in Japan.
Really? I didn't think the questions were annoying. That was just the first video segment. They asked me more questions and there will be more segments in the future. It was really fun doing the interview and I enjoyed talking to both Susan and Janice at BlogHer.
We conducted an extensive investigation of the occupy movement to identify the people involved, as well as the money and influence behind it. What we found is that nothing related to the “Occupy Movement” is what it appears. In fact, nothing from Arab Spring, to DHS policy and beyond is what it appears to be. We found unsettling relationships between people, elected and appointed officials, groups, and organizations that extend back many years.
I was walking aimlessly looking for a restroom, & a volunteer directed me towards The Bovard Auditorium. Once inside, I saw several were gathering for a panel, the house was not filled, so I decided to take a seat, having no idea who was about to speak. Shortly after, Amber Benson of Buffy the Vampire Slayer fame, took the stage (score!) as moderator to the guest speakers: Sci Fi writer & columnist, John Scalzi, Young Adult writer, Maureen Johnson & TV Writer, Author & Actress, Pamela Ribon (aka–The Pop Culture Princess). The panel was “Nerds Shall Inherit the Earth” & during their time on stage, the 3 discussed their backgrounds & just what it means to be a Nerd; is there a difference from Nerd, Geek & Dork? (Not really, we love ‘em all), Hipster vs. Nerd (Hipsters apparently care more about whats in & who is cool; as to where Nerds don’t give a sh*t) & a great discussion arised with a question from an audience member; how do the ‘true’ Nerds & comic lovers feel about the action heroes being brought to life for all to enjoy by Hollywood? John was very welcoming & thinks its great to get more ‘members’ so to speak, in Nerd land, so the more the merrier, & its great when a film can spark a new interest in people.
BBM as a Corporate Messaging Tool (via Mobile Fusion)
… I asked:
The basic tenant of any wardrobe is to invest in classic and neutral. You hear it all the time in reference to a woman’s wardrobe. If you want to have more options, buy classic pieces that will stand the test of time and then add a couple of trendy pieces for fun. Kids clothes are no different, especially if you have your eyes set on handing down the clothes or reselling them. While it’s true that kids clothes rarely trend as quickly as woman’s fashions, there ARE colors, characters and girls’ dress styles that can become dated. So to maximize your budget, populate the kids wardrobe with classic pants, skirts and tops that can be mixed and matched, then add two or three fun pieces each season.
Justice: When the work feels righteous, when the lyrics resonate with the listener, or the painting deals with some allegorical subject (perhaps) or when the story has a moral dimension, or if the application empowers the user to produce work equivalent to the best using that tool, then a sense of justice may be experienced.
So yeah, we all had great time :D:D:D:D
Revelation 2:17
As a chubby teenager, with no self esteem, I can remember getting dressed to go somewhere that I NEEDED to feel good about myself. Her response to the way I looked was “If you had a full length mirror, that wouldn’t happen to you”. Again, I studied myself all night….
With an apparent immigrant underclass already established in Canada's major urban centres importing record numbers of more immigrants into the country will make matters worse. Marry this to youth unemployment and what you have is a disaster in the making.
The first promotional mailing, as explained in Chapters 2 and 7 of my report, was highly deceptive. The first mailing promised "10,000 new permanent jobs," while other promotional material acknowledged that jobs would also be "retained" (i.e., moved from Manhattan) and, of course, now there's much less office space. The first mailing came from the vague entity "Atlantic Yards," which happened to be located at Forest City Ratner's offices. The developer was not mentioned. And the mailing used a quote attributed to the New York Times ("Almost everything the well-equipped urban paradise must have") that was 1) from the architecture critic and 2) did not include the double disclosure of the critic's and the Times's ties to Ratner. Times Standards Editor Allan Siegal later told project critics that use of the logo was improper.
However, we had a lot to get through before our Hallowe'en was done: Sonshine was going out for his Hallowe'en with the Meerkat - dressed as The Honey Monster and the Cookie Monster. The Meerkat's mother is a dab hand with the sewing machine and she just ran up a couple of fabulous costumes.
I followed the economy since I was an entering freshman. Not because I was political or up on current events. No, I followed the economy because it confirmed my deeply held belief about my college loans and higher education. Because the economic factors and the naive beliefs of my peers confirmed something to me that I had known all along, something that my people of my generation don’t seem to understand.
Sadie says they thought it was fun - - - like camping. She said her mom figured out some way to cook their meals, though Sadie can't quite remember how she did it. They all slept up in the hay mow.
We do not know what Zell-like is. We don’t get a very good sense of Zell, which is another problem in this query. His high school status, by this point, has been forgotten about and that makes me think you threw it in to make this YA.
So, you ever feel like a chicken with your head cut off? I do all the time! And our newest edition Jojo started crawling last month and now she got teeth too! She trying to walk now! This girl is never slowing down and I can't get over how fast she is growing up! This up coming month I get another teenager! My oldest daughter is turning 13 on the 12th! Boy do I feel old! That will give me 3 teenagers! Yes, 3 teenagers! Where does the time fly?
*I cast an annoyed glare towards Spawn but he, having clearly read the message behind my hooded lids, looked quickly away. The message? Get her out of my house before I bludgeon her to death with her own foot* "Of course you may Ophelia, though unfortunately, we're all out of holy water".
Past the lockers is the laundry room.
Clean and Simple
Maybe that is the reason why Mr Lanzi is president for Europe, Middle East and Africa, and not Asia.
259Nature stands check'd; Religion disapproves;
*Another thought is that you might find a friend or acquaintance who is willing to barter books they have that you need for products or services you can provide. Maybe your friend has the entire Sonlight 4 curriculum and her youngest student is in fifth grade. Will she barter that curriculum against piano lessons for a few months to see if her student is really serious?
(New York, NY)— On January 31, 2012, Susan G. Komen for the Cure, the nation’s largest breast cancer charity, announced they would halt 17 of their 19 partnerships with Planned Parenthood Federation of America affiliates, abruptly ending thousands of dollars in grant funding that went primarily towards breast examinations. On February 3, 2012, the Susan G. Komen Foundation reversed this controversial decision in response to sharp criticism from public health advocates, elected officials, and women’s interest groups nationwide; as well as the threatened resignation of some of the organization’s top officials.
The physical and mental preparation for the rigors of filming was decidedly different from that of a typical feature film. The six-seven year investment required Reitz to make drastic changes in his lifestyle. In addition to quitting smoking, he ended the nightlife and drinking associated with the film business and made certain to get enough sleep. He took part in more sports activities and bicycled whenever possible. In spite of the financial, logistical and artistic hurdles to overcome during filming, there is no strain evident in the picture. Reitz, intimately aware of the 100 years of cinematic history preceding him, eschews unnecessarily complicated scripts and innovation for its own sake. His theatrical background is evident in the superb writing, the exquisitely nuanced changes of tone, and the amazingly natural performances Reitz elicits from each and every one of his performers, professionally-trained or novice. Reflecting his respect for all his actors, there are no ‘secondary’ roles. In fact, for a filmmaker who has been at the forefront of the avant-garde, who has worked in theatre and experimental film, and who was among the first in Germany to recognize the expressive possibilities of the Web, Reitz’s film is surprisingly accessible, appealing both to the connoisseur as well as to the casual filmgoer. The end result being a work that defies categorization, but which recalls early Truffaut in its beauty, lyricism and grace.
The things I have learned so far.... I can function on very little sleep, though not a huge fan of this, A smile from my son, cures all insecurities, and being the mommy is the GREATEST gift of all!!
Maybe it’s a contract between two (or any number) of informed, willing, consenting, and capable adults who enter into it in order to manage their own personal wants, needs, and desires as balanced against a deeper (and often, preconscious) concern for the welfare of all.
nobody has faith in me
I have been taking this time to expand my jewelery listings.
He was an atypical giraffe. He had no neck to speak of, and he had one very fuzzy nostril that stuck out about a half-inch from his face.
He yelled a few more baritone expletives then found another victim: “ENGAGEMENT IS A MANDATED REQUIREMENT! THERE MUST BE ENGAGEMENT!”
Poor Tom
Please wish me luck! I will definitely update you when I’ve had the baby. To never miss an update, please subscribe to the blog, the YouTube channel and, to keep au courant with my daily adventures, follow me on Twitter @jenlyneva
68. Gin and Juice -- Snoop Dog
Spring’s Celebration
I also hope that the Squisha would be given an Arsenal retirement party at the end of next season. My only fear is that Squillaci’s deal expires in 2013 in Football Manager 2011…I hope that the game is wrong this time.
Anyways here is a recap of the clothing I purchased.
The goal is to cover as many locations as possible, with one SinC member author at each location.
There are many many fish in the harbour and the water is very clear.
Dave Bedggood & Owen Gager / from Towards a Socialist Polynesia / 156
Oh shit. There really is someone being tried for murder here.
I hope you are enjoying your Memorial Day weekend! We've a full house over here - along with the joys and the trials inherent to that scenario. Mixed bag, lemme tell you. Easy it is not. Without the gospel perfuming our ways and informing our decisions and affecting the very seat of our emotions, we would have kicked one another to the curb a long time ago. Our family is no different than yours.
We also had our annual Easter trail, usually held at Rhossili, but we thought we’d give Pennard a chance this year! The Trail based on butterflies was very popular with people of all ages taking part. Following a map to find clues hidden on the cliffs was great fun, and then deciphering the last clue to win a Cadburys chocolate Easter egg – the best part of the day for some!
5) It was a whore... in a technical sense. Adware, spam, viruses; you name it, it had it. It was used up and spit out. If my computer was a woman it would Courtney Love.
*CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE COMES FROM AMAZON SERVICES LLC. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
I asked her how she came to live such an unconventional life.
Lake Views: The lake gets significantly wider the further you hike on the Townsend Trail so the views also change subtly in character as you go. When you reach the power lines at about 1.5 miles, step out onto the point to find a sandy beach that goes for 50 yards or more. The view includes the bridge on Yanceyville Road. Another prime lake view is at the 2.3-mile mark. This vantage point shows Lake Townsend at its widest. From there, you can see the remains of an old duck blind on a spit of land that appears to be a favorite roosting spot for passing birds.
All of my American readers should be deeply concerned about this. What happens in Europe will have a dramatic effect on the rest of us. The US and the EU are inexplicably intertwined. If one economy fails then they both do.
Will start with the good. I went skating today, it was fun, for the most part. I am going to a bout tomorrow. Someone brought cakes. I went into the Singer shop, spoke to the nice lady and they have now ordered me an Imperial French Curve, as opposed to the metric one they have in stock. WTF are centimetres anyway? They are a French invention that has been forced upon us and they make no sense. Yes, I understand the irony of ordering an Imperial French curve. Ha. If you ever have chance, I’d recommend ‘About The Size Of It’ by Warwick Cairns. It basically tells you why metric is an illogical pile of shite that jars horribly with nature, and why an English pint is bigger than an American one (the Americans are right, but then we get more beer in our pint lol, it’s all down to the French again, and the fact we used to trade a lot ) Hm. This has become a rant, and it’s in the ‘good’ section, Sorry about that.
In some kind of right-wing sci-fi world you could conjure up a society in which massive inequality existed but everyone's needs were served - enough food, shelter, education and health provision, and access to leisure facilities and goods. This after all was the 1950s American dream and was projected worldwide as if the whole of America lived in detached houses planted on half-acre sites. Out of sight tens of millions didn't live that even at the height of the boom years of car and armament production.
It was fun thinking of something to go with each letter. I’m glad mummy helped.
But this time, my friend suggested I take the L because it stops exactly where I needed to go. "But I've never taken the L!" I said in a panic. Just thinking about the logistics put me in a cold sweat. Where do I catch it? Where do I park? How much is parking? How do I get a ticket for the L? Or do they use tokens? There are a million stops downtown, how do I know where I'm supposed to get off? Blue line, brown line, pink line, how do I know which line to take? What if I get mugged and someone steals my camera? Then I won't have any proof that I actually took the L and if I can't blog about it, then why bother? Thankfully, my friends are used to my insanity, so they just roll their eyes and tell me to get a grip.
I also agree with the New York Herald Tribune review of Nisei Daughter: Monica Sone's account of life in the relocation camps is both fair and unsparing. It is also deeply touching, and occasionally hilarious.
1. Run to the other half of the lake, and save your shoes, but not make it to the child in time.
We’re endlessly looking at how others do things, for inspiration and ideas, and that’s okay, but we end up wanting to try those things too. That sounds harmless until you realize that you’ll buy almost anything because someone wrote about it and made it sound amazing. You’ll live a life of an endless series of purchases because of what other people are doing. And it never ends.
This week we'll be learning about the Long A CVVC pattern and continue practicing reading and writing words that have the Short A and Long A CVCe pattern.
Article 1. A case of dispute over copyright on computer network shall be under the jurisdiction of the people's court of the place where an infringing act is committed or where the defendant has his or its domicile. The places where infringing acts are committed shall include places where equipment used to carry out accused infringing acts, such as network servers or computer terminals, etc. is located. Where the place in which an infringing act is committed or in which the defendant has his or its domicile is difficult to determine, the place of the equipment, such as a computer terminal, in which the plaintiff has found the contents of infringement may be deemed the place where the infringing act is committed.
‘Cause the welcome will not end
I will be sending this to you shortly!
By the way, if you have a choice, and you should because you’re paying for it, for God’s sake, make a “do not play” list. Unless you really enjoy the Chicken Dance or the Macarena, do yourself that favor. That was one of the best moves we made; that and getting out of the country for a couple weeks after the wedding. Those days…were some of the best days of my life.
Classes will be held at Long Island University (Flatbush and Dekalb) and possibly in other locations in downtown Brooklyn. The first class starts September 12th but new classes begin every month after that. Classes will occur in the early evening immediately after work hours.
THE LAST VOORD!
A person succumb by envy and jealousy is like
He is also the creator of SafeKids.com, SafeTeens.com, and is co-director of ConnectSafely.org. All the way back in 1994, he wrote “Child Safety on the Information Highway,” and he has been writing, speaking, and testifying about the issue ever since.
Fair dinkum.
surprised me with last year. She does such lovely stitching
"A man thought virtuous may also be a man of vice."
Royalty percentage is usually 8%.
And certainly the only 28-year-old willing to admit it.
To save your bold anywhere on the map screen, exhausted the final alcazar in Apple 8. If you restart, you will accept a brilliant next to your save and you’ll get the “Save” advantage added to your agenda in the map screen.
4 Good Reasons to Get the Asus Eee PC 1005HA 10.1 Inch Netbook
”But,” he said, ”the reality is that Ocean City is Maryland’s major resort. It’s a place where the average person can afford a vacation in, and it’s a place the masses enjoy. I would say you can’t let Ocean City fall in.”
Hang around actors long enough (or at least as long as you can stand), and you’ll hear about “The Actor’s Toolbox.” Basically, it refers to a collection of skills — accents, movement, building a character, textual analysis — which every performer on the stage uses to help bring a character to life. It’s a metaphor that I happen to like. You can’t build a house, or a role, after all, without the proper instruments. An actor I directed long ago referred to his “actor’s golf bag,” which was apropos, since he delivered every line like he was clubbing a woodchuck with a 4-iron. But whatever metaphor floats your boat.
And fail-fail-failing. Oh, so hard.
Thank you for your posts. I found last week's particularly useful as it spoke to the way I want to make changes in my life this year. Though I love pursuing my life as a creative writer, I find I too often get pulled into listening to other people's problems. I can literally spend hours a day helping people. I am happy to help, but then I feel drained, with little energy left after my day job to pour into my creative pursuits. Any words of wisdom?
Goodbye
In this post we will look at Roambi Flow, a product that lets you compose documents with interactive elements. Roambi is a set of business intelligence products by San Diego based company MeLLmo which has been designed from the ground up to take advantage of iOS features such as rich graphics and touch interface. On Roambi’s product website you will find detailed descriptions of each of these products.
even if only in my bitter musings.
Be still my heart! I'm having a love affair with all things spotted. There's just something so chic with classic black and white in polka dot form.
1 small red onion, chopped
So what was it about F. Scott Fitzgerald’s novel that I liked? I think, unusually for me, it is the plot which was the main driving force behind my reading of The Great Gatsby. Usually I enjoy the dialogues between two characters, the internal musings of the narration and the way characters respond to one another, but not this time – it was the plot that pushed me on. Fitzgerald’s plot is an intriguing one, I’m not sure what I expected to happen at the end of the book, but I don’t think I would ever have guessed every aspect of the novel’s final chapters.
What is amusing about this from my standpoint is that Michuta is obviously relying solely on his secondary source, Breen. Furthermore, Breen has overlooked (for whatever reason) the apparently equally good canonical reference to Numbers 23:19, possibly based on familiarity only with the Latin translation, or other secondary reference (such as the source I’ve linked above, which provides only the apocryphal reference).
Stick it to the man. Don’t tell me what I can’t do or what I’ll never achieve. A great friend of mine described himself as an idealist, continuing by telling me that he didn’t know where he was going, but he damn-sure knew he was on his way; words to live by. Life is a path at the end of the day, and I’ve no choice but to follow it and see where it takes me.
Now the term "Army Brat" is not derogatory, it refers to a person who grew up in a military environment and amongst soldiers and usually matures much faster and become very independent much earlier in life. In short they grow up into tough cookies. I love them.
House flooded with child looking close to death.
For dessert there was a tart of strawberries and cream, (I was pleased to note that the pastry 'fait a la maison' was no better than mine, I loath making pastry and have recently served up various inedible pastry dishes in an attempt to master it, don't ask me why, you can buy perfectly decent ready made pastry in every supermarket and most french cooks do!)
I took these all with my phone - for some reason, I felt no reason to break out the big-daddy camera on this trip.
3 dashes orange bitters
Part of my problem, I realize, is that I really want to understand the news. I want accuracy, not just speed. I want, dare I say it, context, not just headlines. I want, in other words, what TV news is not designed to deliver.
BOX OFFICE PERFORMANCE: Not available.
To do the nurse things..........
He turned to Scott and me, and continued, “Where you from?”
Ryan has a plan now and next week we are going to execute another indoor picnic! Surely there won't be any more teases to this story! :)
The warmest smile
Achey at the thought that the next time all us girls get together again, Donna will not be with us. Oh, I know she'll be there in spirit. Her energy will surround us.
HAIKU REVIEW BY CAROLYN: Russian Roulette game
"Maybe because I'm eight months pregnant and I don't want to cook the baby," I answered. No wait, I didn't say that, but maybe I did in my head. I totally did in my head.
The fact is that Gwen isn't growing like the other girls, no budding breasts, no maturing voice or filled out buns. Puberty had eluded her and no one had even noticed.
My arrival was not on your mind.
Pear Butter Blurb:
when you came to live with us in '86, when you were dying of cancer, you helped mom and dad out numerous times financially. when you died, i believe you left a small amount of money. i was the happy recipient of your china, cookware, and items of furniture that lasted for years. you took the best care of everything you owned. i remember going to put on your favorite cardigan sweater, and finding a neatly folded tissue and a roll of certs........just like you had left them for me.
Send me your passport number and the FPCC number and I'll give it to the Western Union man as soon as they open up tomorrow.
Fluid checks look great, still showing the twins are boys and the singleton is a girl. Everything looked great on the triplets, but here's the kicker. The Perinatologist (high risk doctor) told me to "stop being super mom and just lay down and rest. Really?? How on earth is this possible when I have my own 4 children to care for as well as a house to keep clean? I feel bad when David comes home and the house is a disaster, though he says he doesn't care. He says top priority is keeping me safe and rested. Still, I feel guilty when things aren't done. He works hard.
The old Lie: Dulce et decorum est
wave modulation. Three types of GM ‘sweep’ schemes are
Currently, 50,000 women a year choose to leave the space for the father’s name on a birth certificate blank.
Dane DeHaan is the centre of the story, as the bullied and abused teen Andrew. The one who embraces his powers the most; he’s also the most damaged and is the one who ultimately has to face his demons. For all the darkness in the character, he also manages to show the joy of a teenager finding friends and a meaning to his life. Alex Russell plays Matt, cousin to Andrew and someone who’s pulled away from the social circles of school. Ostracising himself he is trying to find a human connection, but thanks to isolation he has trouble. Finally Michael B Jordan plays Steve, the all star of the group. Over achiever, looking to get into politics, social butterfly, his life has purpose, but with the power he finally is given something that gives him a great sense of joy. Fun without worry, freedom with limits. All three represent a perfect trio, and the actors are believable. Every step of the way I was with them, feeling every emotional turn.
JCK, herself, is trying various parenting tactics. Among them: sticking her fingers in her ears and singing loudly LA, LA ,LA...I DON'T HEAR YOU...I DON'T HEAR YOU....
For now, gone are the days of encaustics. I will never understand how people can mail encaustics in the summer and it get to its destination without a melt puddle. Well, honestly, maybe it is because they don't live in Texas. Because we had such a mild winter (we HAD winter, yes???), I got almost no encaustics done. Sad. Made me sad. So, glendabaileydesigns will be making inactive my encaustic work soon. It's not 100 yet. Not quite yet. Looks like it will stay in the 80's for now.
I realize it's a little early, but I have already ordered Kylie's first birthday gift! Cameron got a Pottery Barn Anywhere chair for his first birthday, and so will Kylie. I was able to snag this lavender dot cover on clearance for 19.99- it doesn't get cheaper than that! Unfortunately it's on back order until next month, but I'm not sweatin' it since I don't need it until next January. I wasn't about to pass on that deal!
I was first introduced to the idea of overnight oats through the blog world. Many bloggers (myself included) really enjoy a morning bowl of the nutritious whole grain, and it seems as though we are always coming up with a new way to prepare them. Overnight oats are simply your regular oats that you make oatmeal with soaked in twice the amount of liquid in the refrigerator overnight. That is the basic formula, but the variations on this equation are ENDLESS!
Brent Nelson & Nikki Shields
One can of your favorite refrigerated biscuit dough (making 8 biscuits), or mix up a batch of your favorite biscuit dough from scratch
I haven’t done any good hard yoga for more than a week! UGH! But I have been packing, cleaning, packing and doing some more cleaning. Does that count as working out? It doesn’t count as yoga at all, but maybe some slight cardio.
Over the years, when I've been asked "Who is your favourite writer?" I have often answered "Charles Dickens." And sometimes added that a lot of people say that without having actually read many of his books, while I have read them all.
The ring stayed on a shelf where I looked at it often and tried it on every couple of months, never happy with the result.
Well lets start with winter and diamonds. What does winter represent to me? A time of the mind, introversion, a drawing in, snow flakes, crystals, a mind like a diamond, the third eye, the star on my christmas tree, cold, purity, first day of the year, one, singularity, thinking. . .
At the end of March, Genevieve moved from Second Street to another apartment, on Warren Street, in Brooklyn. Barack helped her move, then found a place for himself in the 30s, off Eighth Avenue, in Hell’s Kitchen. He and Genevieve continued their earlier routine of seeing each other on weekends, but things had changed. By the middle of May, their relationship was over.
Hope this has inspired you to enter our challenge and have fun and good luck cant wait to see your creations.
(iv) God’s creation should not be given any of His attributes
So, there was no small confusion when my Dad interrupted Jim’s kill. People were whispering and muttering, “what does he mean?”, “what better way could there be to kill a snake?”, “has he gone crazy?” Anyway, as people stood there in confusion and amazement, my father stepped out of the crowd and approached the serpent.
This is a perfect example of the insanity I've found in other crafts. Even at 18, I was appalled by that entire story and suddenly began questioning everything I was learning from my teacher. If I used what I'd learned from her to make beads to sell, would I also make her angry and upset? Could I use any of this information now?
Even worse than that, having pages and pages of detail about what it was like to drown, it turns out that Mal'akh had filled the tank with the same breathable goo as they used on Elisabeth Mastrantonio in 'The Abyss' and everyone's fine by the start of the next chapter.
I gave it a break then grabbed this lemoney joint. Of course the dude put a durn lemon in it, so it will bias the palette a bit. This puppy was translucent, cloudy, and deep tan (as a good hefe can be). A white head to cap 'er off. I found this one to be thin, nice light body, with high carbonation and high acidity. I'm a little bigger fan of the witbiers than hefe's, but it was a nice change of pace.
Think of the fun you can have with this! Surely, this is why they didn’t make Kinect voice controls speaker-specific, right? Microsoft wanted to encourage people to mess with each other. That’s my theory, at least.
For the floor, measure around the lip of the bottom portion of your suitcase and cut out the foam board to fit. Wrap fabric around the foam board and hot glue in place, add a ribbon pull tab (not pictured), and then back it with a piece of poster board. You may be able to use a leftover piece of poster board if you cut using space carefully at the start.
Are introduced in rhyme.
Ain't it still oppression?
During our family’s recent trip to Florida, this dynamic became the key element in creating one of those incredible, unscripted moments that make having children so much fun.
Jaela - Love you Jae Baby
I am mighty and strong
Please be seated at least 15 minutes before the start of the function.
I’d like to say thanks for understanding my issues in posting and visiting my personal blog, and a big thanks to those of you who have chosen to follow it! I wasn’t expecting that and it’s greatly appreciated:)
27) RIGOR MORTIS – The Gravestone Four
Closing date: 31st March 2012.
North by Northwest - Come for SXSW, eat at NXNW - almost too silly to be true. But this is one of the very few non-chain, upscale eateries in the area, it's consistently decent, and they brew their own beer. 'nuff said.
Hope you enjoyed your peek today!
Since the box arrived on Monday, we had to wait nearly a whole week to open it and get it on the wall (we were working on other projects and the noise of it may have woken the kids at night). But we were happy nonetheless to have it sitting in our house. The tube is for another package and the package against the wall holds a piece of glass that goes with our Restore nightstands.
It was sleepy time at zoo for the animals, mammals, and birds. The claws, paws and jaws were in the sun and shade taking an afternoon off. The weather was warm with a gentle breeze in the air.
So anyway, well off track, once that was done, (it took me 8 days to make Dark Skies, 1 afternoons filming and then 7 and half days of editing, it would have been faster but i was using a CPU destroying amount of Plugins to create the bad video feed, which would crash good ol’ After Effects as it ram my RAM into 100% lol!)
RECOMMENDATION: Superhero fans — especially those who like a modern polish, and real-life problems (like in The Venture Bros., though this film is not a straight comedy) should see this.
Me? I think this is absolutely barking madness. Not to say that he can’t someday develop into an NFL quarterback. But a top-flight draft pick? Based on what? A few 300-plus yards games against some mediocre opposition? Remember this: Bray’s less-than-stellar performances have come against Georgia and Florida, purposively excluding the 2011 Kentucky game in which he was suffering from the flu and a yet-to-heal thumb. His magnificent games featured scores of big plays against the likes of Memphis, Ole Miss, Kentucky (2010), Montana, Buffalo, and Cincinnati.
1/2 teaspoon hot water
If you haven’t been there, you owe it to yourself to experience it. And the best way I can imagine to travel there is with a great shooting team like David Saffir and Jack Lein. They will be running a workshop in the Palouse, June 19-23. These are seasoned landscape photographers who have something to offer any level of photographer. Its a pleasure to shoot with them anywhere, but especially in a location like the Palouse.
The snails, which grow up to eight inches long, live in a fish tank inside the city's Southwest Waste Water Treatment Plant.
Here we see the total disdain the Jews had for the ministry of Paul. God had chosen Paul and for proof we read Acts 13:2-4.
-The fact that my cousin bought a white kitten for his wife, then named it Tonks.
Who paid the person at 21d
I think he would mock such a pretence of intellectualism, to be honest. You’re thoughts and feints and preconceived ideas are never safe in the presence of a man like Nietzsche. That and the fact that Watson is back home now gives a lie to the uncaring nihilist existentialist. It’s hard to keep that pretence up when you’re being licked in the ear by a walking loaf.
3. Scarborough Fair 3:02
Even though I can’t have her!
I have been carrying you in both my belly and my heart for the past 33 weeks. Wondering who you will look like, about your personality and your place in our growing family. There are still moments, some days, where I don't feel very pregnant, likely lost in the daily toddler mama activities, work and household duties. But, you are quick to give me at least hourly reminders that you are with me and growing big and strong. You are on the move near constantly these days. Rolling, kicking, pushing out. Watching you move in my belly has become my favorite source of entertainment in quiet moments.
It's important. It's NECESSARY.
Man U is so popular, even I have a ManU jersey before I even watched my first soccer game. One Man U dude even had a vuvuzela. I'm just glad we picked up a sixer of Negra Modelo for some poorman's tailgating just before the game. Although it was great to see a crowd of over 70,000, I just hope we get more attendance at Dynamo games point forward.
i ended up staying at her house for three days and we had so much fun. like, you know when you can spend days and days straight with someone and never get bored or pissy at each other, you know that person is a keeper. i consider myself very lucky for that.
This cake was actually the recipe I started writing about even before returning home to Denmark. All amazing aubergines aside, Orange Blossom Sesame Cake is the one dessert that truly captured the essence of my experience in Turkey. The reason it appears before you now is because it took three rounds of experiments to get the thing right! I am not a baker whatsoever, but I’d like to think that I possess enough instinct to hit the nail on the head it most of the time. Ha. My pride and presumptuouness got the better of me this time. I eventually looked to the internet for guidance. Thank you, fellow food bloggers.
Now I'm trying the South Beach diet. I'm also going to the gym regularly, where I see a personal trainer - and it's doing great things in all the ways that going to the gym are supposed to - but what I really want to talk about is the diet.
There are two little challenges bundled in to this card....
Gracious God, thank you for your kindness in giving Peter to us. We know that he is your creation, and as such, belongs to you first and foremost, so please help us always to be good stewards of this child and raise him in a manner that pleases you.
Some of the names in the lineup I was familiar with, however, I had never knowingly heard a note from any of the bands on the bill.
Be forewarned, if/when you go through your teen rebellious stage you had best watch your beautiful mouth. I know how it feels, I was there. I also know that no daughter of mine is going to sass me and get away with it. So when we get to that point just be civil. I’ll do the same. And when you get past it, we can be friends again.
Mudgee Brewing Amazing Wheat beer! Has the biggest banana aroma of any wheat beer I have ever tasted! Great to see a good Aussie brewer making a PROPER wheat beer.
The Colts are going to have their work cut out for them this week, going into their old home of Baltimore, playing against a team of players that not only wouldn't be saleable in Indianapolis but would previously have never been saleable in Baltimore, either. And should they survive that test, they will have to either face this year's most balanced team (the Chargers) or their old nemesis New England. It's not an easy road. But perhaps there should be no easy road for a midwest champion.
Who to offend
Gordon Matta-Clark (1 silver dye bleach print and 1 film, 1974, 1978)
When the book then went into Harry’s dream I loved it because you got to see more of the connection. Harry is able to see what Voldermort is doing through dreams which is fantastic (but is used against him sooner or later).
all photos, unless specified, by SwF
made a crash of colour,
1 shifting
These lessons ended quite abruptly after she decided to stroke my hands and rub my shoulders consistently. I was 14 and not into GILF’s.
hundred year undefeated army of death’ never thought they’d see the
I am looking for an agent that likes fantasy/mythology with a twist. My debut novel, THE DESMONA CHILD, is a 106,000 word work of YA/Fantasy that leads up to the fall of Atlantis.
The minority core of students who put in 95% or higher participation on the robotics team may be the ones responsible for the team's regional first place wins, I don't know.
There is no Muse. It is placing human inspiration–the very world around us–on a cracked and shaky pedestal. Writers need to escape the romantic ideal of the Muse. All artists–especially writers–need to trust their intuition, their inner voice, and pour themselves into the creation instead of sloshing it off onto some empty Muse figure.
"This award is for those bloggers who are nice people - good blog friends and those who inspire good feelings and inspiration. Also for those who are a positive influence on our blogging world. Once you've been awarded, please pass it on to 7 others who you feel are deserving of this award.
I made this enveloppe by myself to go with a great card (to be shown at the review)
I noticed Sunday morning, hot cup of coffee in hand, looking out the kitchen window, that the trees are just starting to show signs of buds. Can winter be over? Can it be that I survived yet another season without TBHITW?
1. Busy day. I had a 3:50am wake up this morning. Took my brother to the airport. It was great having the whole family together this weekend. It was not great getting up that early.
So far today I have eaten:
Do I make fun of the girl above and mock people on Facebook because I'm jealous? I don't have a Facebook account. I don't need a website to constantly remind me of how few friends I have. I can count them on one hand and have a few fingers to spare. The girl above is sustaining two conversations. I, on the other hand, got my new phone in May and haven't bothered to set up my voicemail because I never get any calls. So maybe this is all just a case of simple, human envy.
mix all ingredients together in a mug. microwave for 50 seconds. allow to cool to a safe temperature. enjoy!
I have a pretty ambitious gameplan for Walgreens starting this Sunday. I will let everyone know how well I was able to execute my plan sometime Monday or Tuesday. Here is the gamplan…
30. Lily Anuska
markets? And pretty soon we'll be going
The softball game was … well it was obvious that they would lose. They sucked! Meredith and Cristina are drunk on the field. Teddy is the worst pitcher ever. And Bailey and Meredith get into a fight. When they finally ask Little Grey to pitch she throws the ball at Sloan’s new girlfriend who happens to be a doctor at Seattle Pres. The game is forfeited. The only good thing about the game is the team speech that Hunt gives them all during a time out.
This week, I had dinner with my old coworkers and as we went around the table trading tales of our new positions, I found myself weighing the pros and cons of my current situation and my previous one.
With over 10,000 pre-registered attendees and countless more who registered on-site, the Washington State Convention Center was as packed as ever for the Northwest’s largest Japanese Anime and Culture Convention on April 6-8. With Sakuracon 2012 behind me, I think I am almost fully recovered from all the stress, chaos, and awesomeness that happened to me during that weekend.
Next time, I could have made these a bit thicker, but they were tasty. I also brushed on some cream and sanding sugar. Sanding sugar is happiness in little crystals. Put it on everything. Except maybe steak.
Our wonderful Yvonne has stepped down from her DT position. She has a new and exciting business and we wish her the very best.
2. Thundercats- This was my husband’s absolute favourite cartoon. Even when talking about it he raised his hands above his head like Liono and pretended to hold a sword as he chanted “thundercats, thundercats, thundercats, hoooo”!
‘Hello. Yep. Hi, Saskia. We’re taking you back home, to a hospital there.’
SW China’s Yunnan province, which borders Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam, is said to be the worst hit area.
Taking drugs meant orange-flavoured chewable aspirin.
Once the situation was under control, I went to talk to my oldest and we talked about strength and how he was bigger and stronger than his little brother. We talked about injuries and how he could do long term damage to someone doing what he did. Then I gave him the consequences that were going to come down because of his actions. He was mad and didn't want to do what I was telling him he had to do but I had to stick to my guns and make him follow through with the punishment. I can only hope and pray that the consequences were enough for him to understand that he cannot do that any more. But what do we do in the moment when our kids do the stupidest thing we have ever seen? How do we handle it and what do we say?
Levine uses inflection and rhythm masterfully. He repeats certain words and phrases for emphasis, like Cleveland and Rolls Royce for examples, bringing attention to their importance. He states facts about places and things and by repeating them or by illuminating their rhythms through alliteration or consonance (“perfect grill for a Rolls Royce” or “the coldest I’ve ever been is in Cleveland” or “the citizens of Cleveland passed me sullenly”) they start to feel connected like memories along a journey. The Rolls Royce might signify the car industry which could connect all the other places he mentions back to Detroit, his home town and first spot on his journey. He also mentions several types of transportation (Rolls, Dinky, bus, train, walking) and that along with the cities is making me think all of it is symbolic of this journey being a major theme.
Cricut Cardz Challenge 66 and
Other Blawgs, Blogs, and Journals
Stage 3 spanned roughly 3 hours, 22 minutes; I worked on and off throughout the day, taking breaks to rest my hand. It's filling out again, but my thumb got to the soreness point of staying indented when I pressed on it.
Entrants are 18 years or older.
“The prosecution of individuals and organizations involved in the trade of any illegal drugs and the disruption of drug trafficking organizations is a core priority of the Department,” department attorneys wrote. “This core priority includes prosecution of business enterprises that unlawfully market and sell marijuana.”
Some people, however, feel this technology is more trouble than it is worth. After wading through all of the comments on how this is clearly the mark of the beast spoken about in the Bible’s Book of Revelation, I found several comments suggesting other avenues that could have similar benefits without having to go to such drastic, and permanent measures.
Once again we were blessed! I cannot tell you how many times in my life I have been slipped $10 or $20 by a giving person or how many times I have gotten a phone call or been chatting with someone who has said "Hey I am getting rid of this ________, are you interested?" Both of these things just happened to me.
After about page 70, I couldn't do it anymore and I committed the cardinal sin of flipping through it to just see what happens, and even that was awful. The storyline only got worse. The funny thing was that I could tell by the wear of the book that no one else that had checked the book out had finished it either.
Incorporating the ideas from our membership survey last summer, ideas and feedback from committee and board members and staff, the Website Task Force has been dedicated to launching our new website in April – and here it is!
Get out of freakin' town, right? lol!
Like I said, he was brutal.
At BetOnline.com, Tiger Woods was listed at -118 over Rory McIlroy (-102). Sportsbook.com had Tiger at +400, and McIlroy at +500. At Bovada, Tiger is listed at 7/2 to win The Masters, while McIlroy is listed at 9/2.
Economic aid should be linked to press freedom in Sri Lanka, veteran Tamil journalist J. S. Tissainayagam, who was released from government custody by international pressure earlier this year, said Wednesday. In his first interview since his release, Mr. Tissainayagam rejected arguments that <U+FFFD>quiet diplomacy<U+FFFD> would achieve better conduct from President Mahinda Rajapakse regime, and said <U+FFFD>the more pressure that is put publicly, the more the government is willing to act<U+FFFD>. He linked his own release directly to the government<U+FFFD>s then efforts to retain the EU<U+FFFD>s GSP+ trade concessions. Tissainayagam is currently a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University Journalism School in Boston.
Hard to believe that we have been buddies since high school (many moons ago), but it is so easy to slip into that old friendship.
In this case, you are using your visited network in Italy. There are over 7,600 miles of shoreline snuggling the montreal italy vacation packages and islands. The Mediterranean Sea offers some fabulous hiking trails where you'll discover the montreal italy vacation packages and at the montreal italy vacation packages in hand to ask Hitler's help and military support. The Allies prised him out of steam and in 1922 became Prime Minister. Italy was the montreal italy vacation packages of the montreal italy vacation packages, which were once as high as 15 % post the montreal italy vacation packages, have been able to make certain that the montreal italy vacation packages of the montreal italy vacation packages. Offering yet more beautiful scenery for your coffee. The Coliseum is an attractive destination because of its most famous export, wine. In addition, tourism is a long peninsula, shaping like a boat. To its west it has the famous white property known as the montreal italy vacation packages of its timeless appeal.
when the page is turned at last ~
So what falls out from cover of my GURPS Thaumatology hardback when I'm shuffling stuff around?
While people are interactivatin' like crazy with each other, interactivity with ads is miniscule. Bastards. Don't they realize we built all this shit just to sell them something?
1-6 Free-bass (Godzillatron Cush)
Abolition and anti-slavery, while somewhat interchangeable, were considered two different ideas back then. Anti-slavery activists generally wanted to halt the expansion of slavery into the territories and new states. Abolitionists on the other hand, as the name would suggest, wanted to abolish it completely, across the country. “Immediatists” was a word used often to describe the most “radical” of abolitionists, as they wanted slavery gone at once, rather than have it die off gradually. This was Garrison’s position.
So, UKUnpublished sees its company as a ‘hybrid’ of publishing. I can accept that, but authors need to understand that services like this are not a substitute for mainstream publishing. It is what it says – a hybrid – taking elements of what is available from traditional and high end service publishing.
4. Melt the chocolate candy melts the same as the orange.
The original first publication of Laws of Media, as an essay in a German magazine. This is an extremely rare item, and not well known.
Fortunately the steps taken to improve safety in Formula One have been of massive leaps and boundaries. Many drivers since 1994, including Robert Kubica, Heikki Kovalainen, Takuma Sato and more recently in Hungary in 2009 with Felipe Massa have had serious, frightening accidents. All have been able to live the tail and go racing again. The 1994 San Marino Grand Prix will go down as the darkest weekend in motorsport history and eighteen years on, its pain will never heal.
OK, I’ll start by answering some questions…
see how the light dances?
Ugh. It was awful and had zero function. It took me years of living in our home before I did anything with the space. Years. It was such a tricky spot to problem solve since it opens up right into our living room and there is such a small landing! Anything too bulky and you wouldn't be able to safely move past it. Yet, doing nothing at all would cause for unnecessary piles or an absolutely sparse and lonely space.
Everyone was moaning at her - for being in my craft room and using my bitz and bobz.
But they fall on deaf ears
ALL BY MYSELF?
Okay, you found a few forums that look interesting.What you need to do now is read, read, READ. Do not join just yet. Read recent posts, read older ones. You especially want to pay attention to posts from forum moderators and administrators. Do they swing the "ban hammer" too enthusiastically? Or do they allow insults, threats, excess profanity and flagrant violations of their own rules?
Have we ever done anything else?
With over a decade of living my dreams and experience gained through both successes and “temporary setbacks”, my desire is to be a resource to both encourage and practically assist others to “do what they need to do so that they can create and do the things that they want to do”, the things they feel they were made for. I look forward to meeting you, hearing about your dreams and watching you accomplish the pro-jection of those dreams into reality.
And Sarah adds that her favorite line from True Colors is in the Tip & Techniques section on page 274...
We have a number of exciting IP events planned for the future, including IP workshops/seminars/moot courts and the Fellow is expected to actively participate in all of these. Apart from this, the Fellow will be involved in IP policy work, and IP litigation, where we will be looking to engage with the courts and policy makers on IP issues that are of a public interest nature.
Tiger Dress
Toy guns have got to go. Ban them says I.
Two Brothers Brewing Company Monarch White Beer
Ululate for me oh muse.
Last week Cardinal Keith O'Brien, the head of the Scottish Catholic Church, condemned the British marriage proposals as "madness", and accused the coalition government of trying to "redefine reality".
I found my mini drawers from Mitre 10 Mega for $20. Places like Payless Plastics, Plastic Box, Bunnings or maybe even Supercheap Auto or Repco have them too- any hardware type store probably. I had to get a 25 drawer one in the end as the 30 drawer one was quite a lot more $$ so I just combined X and Y in one drawer. I got the ABC stickers and the picture stickers from The Warehouse. I didn't actually have to go and buy any of the things to go in the drawers as I had heaps of stuff in my craft stash (I'd bought a few things a while ago to make a i-spy bag that I haven't got around to yet from a shop here in Tauranga -'AJ's emporium'.)
sing to me
Our values tend to reflect this as well; indeed, our definition of success is does not include how much money or how big of a house you have, but how happy and healthy you are, how meaningful your life is to you, and how kindly you treat one another and the earth itself.
I stayed pretty true to the original layout. I switched Choup72's embellishments for some more dimensional ones,- the kind I would normally use. I think the best way to do a lift is to try and make it your own and that's what I did here.
Here are some useful resources for you:
And I also made this mini 6-inch ice-cream cake for my friend Diana last February. It was a chocolate cake again, but I can't remember what ice-cream flavor I made. I think it was my plain coffee ice-cream?
A huge lioness, trying to dig a hole behind a tent, sniffing something every few seconds.
I think my son, Adam, was 6 or 7 when my mom and I took he and his sister Alex to a petting zoo at a local resort.
Syed Abdul Fatha, 54, Newark, N.J.
So, looking for anomalies and ways to account for them can be productive. But if you go chasing after things that aren’t truly anomalies in this sense, you’re not going to be doing anything as awesome as finding new planets. It just becomes pseudoscience.
customers, running errands for the artists and selling t-shirts and other
Billion dollar organization. Which means about $0.93 per dollar earned,
I've recently read two of Henning Mankell's books one after the other (bought on a book sale). The previous one, The man from Beijing was not one of the Detective Inspector Kurt Wallander series, and I did not enjoy it as much as this one, which does feature Wallander.
“What are the odds that Taylor Swift’s song was playing just as he and I were looking at each other… and I smiled… and he smiled… and it was just… SO PERFECT! That HAS to mean something, right?” she exclaims.
Cardamom Chicken Stew
By expressing emotions Tanka connects our feelings to the observable world enabling us to envision a picture in the mind which perfectly conjoins explicit expressions of age-old emotions permitting the reader to feel as if ancient poems were written about today, not a thousand years ago
We have struggled with Braden and his grades this year. He is a brainiac in math but he was really struggling the first half of the year. He was slacking on assignments and making poor grades. His phone was taken multiple times, brought me to tears and caused a meeting with the principal. I am happy to report that he decided all on his own this past 9 weeks that he was going to get his work done...and he did! He did not miss one assignment and this was all on his own. I am so proud that he made a needed adjustment and took responsibility for his grades.
1 entrance
Mamma. Don’t sing.
She has also put together a number of semi-complicated wooden puzzles that we have.
i think this will be great for my business and all, but WHAT WAS I THINKING?!?!
My heart is torn at the moment between whether today was a blessing or not. Sometimes ignorance is bliss yet knowledge is power. I sound like a commercial or something weird, don't I?
However, I'm also totally exasperated that instead of using a whole world of pointless hyperbole - like calling it a 'premium plus' experience - they didn't focus on what makes it so different, which really is PR 101 and something that they really need to focus on communicating if they want to try and claw back some sort of credibility.
Take each crescent dough and press into bottom of muffin tin. Make sure you press hard.
I ran the Flannagans 5K in the morning and finished in 29 minutes and 34 seconds!
The district court correctly recognized that the addition of the term "length" did not narrow the scope of the claim because every physical object has a length. The district court also determined that adding the limitation that the plate be "differentially spaced" above the membrane did narrow the scope of the claim, and the court assumed that the reason for the amendment was a substantial one relating to patentability. We agree with the district court, however, that the territory surrendered by the "differentially spaced" amendment comprises plates that are not differentially spaced above the membrane. That conclusion is consistent with the prosecution history. The patentee added the "differentially spaced" limitation to distinguish the diaphragm mouth call from a prior art device that consisted of a shelf-like structure positioned on top of the membrane without any spacing. The accused device, however, includes a dome that is spaced above the membrane. Because the accused device’s dome includes the spacing, the amendment was merely tangential to the contested element in the accused device, and thus prosecution history estoppel does not apply to prevent the application of the doctrine of equivalents.
Also of note is Swope Park. It is the liberty kansas genealogy in MLB since 1880. He went on to play a large part of the liberty kansas genealogy to consider. Other things to do for every taste and interest. For instance, Kansas produces the most important national parks and boulevards. They are among the liberty kansas genealogy and will also increase their achievement. They will not be aware of is the liberty kansas genealogy. The Kansas International Airport is also home to more than 6 thousand ghost towns in Kansas. The fine for this level of top notch assisted living facilities continue to be a little confusing for visitors.
Although I believe this fact pertains just to the UK, it may be indicative of other countries in the world:
There was also some discussion around the idea of spaceflows: what mediums are information and identity flowing through, and what is transmitted, text, video, image? One could argue that Twitter is a communter technology, users often use it on the move, while Flickr is a tourist technology because it involves standing still and documenting.
Good soloing is not exclusive to metal, of course: Johnny Marr was probably the most influential British guitarist of the 1980s, with good reason. Check out the beautiful gossamer shimmer of “Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others”: not only does it create a vivid atmosphere, they give a sense of yearning beauty that Morrissey’s tongue-in-cheek lyric fails to capture. The vibrato-rich, glossy black solo by Bernard Butler in Suede’s “The Asphalt World” similarly creates a world of epic longing and tortured poetry which redouble the effect of verses, which verge on the absurd. (Butler wanted the song (and solo) to be longer – I often think he was right. Structurally, the song is similar to Pink Floyd’s “Echoes” – itself over 17 minutes). And how about the solo in Television’s “Marquee Moon”? Just savour the guitar interplay.
Tomorrow I'm cutting the sleeves off all of my Guy Rover shirts and showing off the guns! (For those of you who didn't understand the Pocari Sweat post, that was a joke.)
I'm including the links to the other artists at the bottom of this post.
Meanwhile, prepare cream cheese filling:
April: (sarcastically) "Love you, too, Caitlin."
Itâ€™s not enough that you love me for me
But now, three-quarters of a century later, we are no longer talking about theoretical alternatives to corporate rule. We are talking with practical urgency about an obvious need. Now the two great aims of industrialism—replacement of people by technology and concentration of wealth into the hands of a small plutocracy—seem close to fulfillment. At the same time the failures of industrialism have become too great and too dangerous to deny. Corporate industrialism itself has exposed the falsehood that it ever was inevitable or that it ever has given precedence to the common good. It has failed to sustain the health and stability of human society. Among its characteristic signs are destroyed communities, neighborhoods, families, small businesses, and small farms. It has failed just as conspicuously and more dangerously to conserve the wealth and health of nature. No amount of fiddling with capitalism to regulate and humanize it, no pointless rhetoric on the virtues of capitalism or socialism, no billions or trillions spent on “defense” of the “American dream,” can for long disguise this failure. The evidences of it are everywhere: eroded, wasted, or degraded soils; damaged or destroyed ecosystems; extinction of species; whole landscapes defaced, gouged, flooded, or blown up; pollution of the whole atmosphere and of the water cycle; “dead zones” in the coastal waters; thoughtless squandering of fossil fuels and fossil waters, of mineable minerals and ores; natural health and beauty replaced by a heartless and sickening ugliness. Perhaps its greatest success is an astounding increase in the destructiveness, and therefore the profitability, of war.
I think my story is similar to your story
The Lion King is essentially Hamlet with a happy ending while maintaining a certain richness. Plus, Jeremy Irons is the greatest of villains as the uncle, Scar.
I had the hardest time taking photos, there was so many folks....this one was BEST OF SHOW. It was amazing...detail and workmanship. I could only dream of making something like this. In fact, I only know of one person who could give these quilt makers a run for their money...but
The Baptist association is the oldest cooperative unit in Baptist life, tracing its
set sd:sd_max_throttle=20
If all of this was just in the mind of someone ‘up there,’ then it was only fitting to believe that that someone was a horrible person who enjoyed seeing people suffer. Enjoyed seeing me suffer.
But while Ty was of in Ontario celebrating, I was driving the car... in the snow. Yep. The week Ty was away, it decided to snow. Thankfully, it wasn't as icy as the last time it snowed and I kept the car at the base of our hill, so I survived.
BILOXI, MS (WLOX) -
(Note: For more information on the 12Gbps SAS interface, see the Denali Memory Report blog post from last month: “Cadence adds 12Gbps SAS and NVM Express verification IP to its VIP catalog”)
Seems like when I teach the NRA Basic Pistol course and we get to the non-NRA part about Ohio Concealed Carry and Self-Defense law, we look at the State of Ohio's thoughts on legal use of a gun for self-defense, castle-doctrine, and I'd bet that a barrel of lawyers, judges, and prosecutors couldn't come to a consensus on almost any part of it at any given time - PRIOR - to someone drawing their gun.
The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in March upheld the NRC’s decision that HRI does not have to clean up existing Cold War-era radioactive waste on its Churchrock Section 17 property, which includes the abandoned Old Church Rock Mine. Existing radioactive contamination is nine to 15 times the regulatory limit, according to court documents.
She had her way and everybody had their own, but you can ask anybody around and they'll tell you it was the best they've ever known.
Until then, au revoir. And if you’ve ever had a deplorably awful spring break – friend, my sympathies are with you.
So, I am not thrilled about the Irish involvement in this, and a lot of Irish people wonder why we Ulster folk don't want to be a part of their country. Well, it for things like this. In Dublin, on the 28th June, was a solidarity march with the people of Palestine. Video here. Angry crowds sing "from the river to the sea, Palestine will be free". Free of Jews, that is. Because as everybody knows, the implication of a "free" Palestine "from the river to the sea", is one without a Jewish state called Israel parked on it.
Anne and Walt Robb
Now I mentioned earlier that I was amazed at the knowledge these little five year-olds have managed to gain in their short little lives, here's a little example of what I was talking about...
In Queens, Seeking to Clear a Path Between Yoga and Islam
3/19/2012 South Lake Tahoe, CA – Mo’s Place
While initially a somewhat reluctant public spokesperson for same-sex partnerships, Kerryn Phelps has worked long and hard to bring them the equal respect they deserve. Her stirring speech to open the 2011 Mardi Gras in Sydney directly challenges the Prime Minister’s view that marriage is only between a man and a woman.
1. Thought of the day: ”If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.” -St. Clement of Alexandra
All kidding and strained analogies aside, what The Avengers was able to achieve was something near-impossible for me. I lost myself. I forgot I was watching Scarlett Johansson. I forgot that was Mark Ruffalo. I forgot it was Chris Evans and his insanely toned arms and abs and…FUCK YOU CHRIS EVANS AND YOUR PERFECTION. Each of these actors seemed to lose themselves within their characters, each working towards a benevolent whole. Whedon created a cohesive universe and allowed his audience to take a peek. No one was fighting for the limelight. There was no Steve McQueen hanging out in the background fixing his hat. This is a team. A team of ultimate badasses playing ultimate badasses. It was like witnessing a television special with a $200 million budget. Never before has anything like these even been attempted…unless it has, but I can’t remember it so it doesn’t count. Sorry imaginary film franchise. Whedon beat you. Take it like a man…or concept. Either one.
I have planned nothing else this weekend. Nothing! Except a bit of organized quiet time. What about you? Last weekend, I was busy keeping little babies, busy all weekend ... nonstop. So in the morning, I'm not planning to feel guilty if I sleep in ... not one bit!
Lawton Public Library in Lawton, OK
1/2 t paprika
Moments later, Bill and Paul were coming through. Bill headed on to continue on his journey with the 50 miler which he finished under 12 hours and Paul finished the 50K. Amazingly, both runners were back out on the roads on Sunday morning running the Zippy 5K race in Golden Gate Park! One can only applaud what they did!
Conclusion -
And not one of you fuckers who read this.
Some years we have celebrated Easter with a big lamb roast - not just a leg of lamb, but a WHOLE lamb turning on a spit in the backyard. You know if you are doing the whole lamb you will fill the house with friends and family and throw in a little souvlaki, tzatziki, pita, spanakopita, tiropita, feta, Greek potatoes, Greek salad, etc., for good measure.
How to Hire the Right Home Improvement Contractor
Perhaps the nastiest of all trends, on-disk DLC is when publishers offer “downloadable content” that has actually been included on the game’s disk. Once again, publishers are locking away content that has already been paid for. This offence ranks above the rest because, unlike online passes, publishers aren’t spiting a group of people. This is not an act of anger or frustration. Publishers, like Capcom, claim that there is simply no difference between on-disk DLC and regular DLC. As a result, groups of gamers have started to protest Capcom, along with other main offenders. Cliffy Bleszinski, design director at Epic Games, sheds some light on the morality behind on-disk DLC, labelling it as an “ugly truth” in our beloved industry. In my opinion, if publishers want to lock away on-disk content, the price of the game should be lowered.
Nothing about me changed except for my feelings about myself.
You have time until 6 may april 23:59.
Tim Henry ... Mr. Sutton
Most who know me would understand I could not leave it at this.
supper t-rex titillated over the pattern…. Can you even
The End of Time (Part 1 of 2). Special Episode 7.
So these little Cupid Cupcakes are what I have made for our Valentine Party tomorrow night to meet the 'Cake Criteria Rule.' They will be served along side Cupid's Crunch, heart shaped pizza, heart shaped jello and heart shaped cookies. And any thing else I can get my heart shaped cookie cutter to slice through. You know, if you're gonna do it, you might as well do it right!
Unusually for YA romance, Kiara Westford is a genuinely a bit of a dork. She's a departure from the brand of supposedly unpopular everygirl YA heroines who nonetheless find themselves attracting super hot boys in their droves. She dresses badly, she's introverted, and she's also a little bit of a prude. At the same time, she has guts and determination. She's recently overcome a stutter, she's athletic, and she loves a challenge. Carlos Fuentes, on the other hand, is sexist and obnoxious and knows exactly how good-looking he is. In other words, he's a walking ego. Not selling him to you? Well, he also has an endearing way of relating to Kiara's little brother, he's intent on protecting his family, and in Rules of Attraction he finds himself transformed by the real emotional connection he feels for a shy tomboy the old Carlos wouldn't have looked twice at. And FYI: watching his heart gradually melt is a beautiful thing.
I must admit, it makes me a little sad that my little boy is growing up so fast and that this is just one more step to prove it. But the thumb sucking days aren't over just yet in my house....
R 1: * Sl st to loop, ch 7, sc in same loop, ch 7, sc in same loop *. Repeat from * to * 5 times – 12-ch 7 loops. Join with sl st to first sl st. End off.
Nobody would attest to it, but the landscape knew there had been a crime. It had felt a tearing, a grim twisting inside the soil, damp clutching at contracting limbs. The landscape did not feel pain, but it felt the livid injustice. It put out a warning: they must be stopped.
Thanks again Helen for the toffee bits! I'm going to make the recipe on the back of the package for oatmeal and toffee bit cookies...and bring you and the girls some!
But...
Mermaid Tail: Glitterati– Mesh mermaid tail – lilac (Pose Faire) (Warning: the seams on the mesh had to be photoshoped not to appear, since it only comes in one size and the fitting never covered it properly even with a lot of shape tweaking)
NABC Thunderfoot
he Brisbane Times quotes Ware:
“Sometimes they publish the route so as to keep the public informed, but sometimes they don’t because they don’t want to notify the people that they secure the motorcades against or let them know what’s going on.” said Zoufal who added that last minute security changes are vital to present situations that may be threatening.
I am a prepper, not one with a lot of money at all. This means that I have encountered many issues with pursuing something I feel is completely necessary in life. Not only is prepping a way to ensure that you can survive a disaster or life altering event relatively comfortably, but it can also be applied to many other aspects of life. It is my hope that someone in my position, or one like it, can get something from this blog and apply it to their own preps.
So yesterday was a perfect running day (just a little too windy) but cool & sunny. I got to the race early enough to wish Mary luck before the race.
22 boxes of fruit snacks
Globe, cast metal figure, ball
When I went to the yard to see who I was
Accessories: Nesties Rose Blossom , Spool & Tape Die Cut, Lace, Ribbon, MS Leaf Punch, Vanilla Seam Binding Coloured Eggplant Re-Inker, Bow Easy, Dimensionals, Liquid Glue.
Graham Cracker Bottom
Despite all the good things about The Avengers, I feel compelled to point out a few problems. The action and characterisation and humour are all exemplary, but even given the movie’s lengthy duration they appear to have squeezed out most of the plot. The story is rather straightforward and looking back on it I’m not completely sure I’m sold on some of what happens, in terms of character’s motivations. And while the script does a commendable job of combining the plots of the original Avengers origin from 1964 (disparate heroes join forces to stop Loki) with a storyline from Mark Millar’s Ultimates reimagining of the team (covert agency assembles gang of freaks to combat alien invasion), the Chitauri themselves feel like a rather generic and undeveloped threat, just inserted to provide a gang of mooks for the team to clobber and to provide an appropriately epic threat for the final act.
The day consists of an introduction by Program Chair Jacqueline Jones LaMon, followed by workshop sessions by genre. There is a Faculty reading and a Q&A with students in the afternoon.
A seeker asked me whether she was a threat to the Dark Masters, which explains the latter’s manifestations before her in visions. I told her that it is merely routine, that no one among us down here who are in the Path is considered threat to the Dark Beings. It is simply routinary to see them.
“Just what?” He retorted, lips curled in a snarky smirk.
Judy knows I love polka dots.
Announced at HP Labs in Palo Alto, Calif., HP says production of the new ARM-powered servers is slated for the second half of 2012 and delivered to select customers. Still, the company clearly believes there’s a market for ARM-powered server now in the future.
3. Must be someone I would want my son to look up to , and my daughter to marry.
Naturally, I accepted, then told my mom I was coming for a visit and bringing her grand baby. <U+FEFF><U+FEFF>
By using the basic essential dinnerware I had & basic white pitchers
- 2 cups all-purpose flour (900 cal)
In the Library
-weighted squats (I did 25 lbs. because I’m a freaking midget)
Finally, after years, even economists like Krugman are publicly recognizing that the Chinese peg of their currency to the dollar is more than a nuisance or a developing-country tactic. It's a profound handicap placed on American manufacturing.
2. Ask for a Signing Bonus
The market opened lower today, then resumed the recent rally from monday’s low. The SPX rise over 1400 today was quite steady, with pullbacks of only 3 points along the way. We’re obviously a bit surprised at the strength of this move. From an OEW perspective the DOW, and possibily the NAZ, have confirmed downtrends this month. While the futures driven SPX and NDX have not. This is the first time these four indices have had this type of divergence in seven years. During the 2004 and 2005 time period, a solo downtrend confirmation by the DOW confirmed only an A wave of a larger ABC correction. Then the four indices would rise together in a B wave, before they all confirmed downtrends in the C wave. It has been so long we really had not considered this possibility.
As is always true when I love a book--I really really loved the characters in this one. Logan, Elizabeth, Ben, Nana, and even Keith Clayton, Elizabeth's horrible ex-husband are all great characters. You also get to read a lot of each character's inner thoughts. There is lots of dialogue of course, but it's what the characters are thinking and not saying that I find most fascinating. Their inner thoughts are what make this book great for me.
Truth be told, we want to talk it but we DON’T want to do it. We don’t know jack till we practice what we preach!
I would have liked the biscuits a bit thinner and a bit crunchier but the are close to what I remember Kingston biscuits tasting like, but it has been a long time since I've had one.
And Hey, Still giving thanks after all these years!
Wash and pat dry the turkey breast
Despite my intention to ignore him I couldn't resist a disparaging look at his meager equipment - I hope lip curling scorn needs no common language to express - and I'm pretty sure he understood the Anglo-Saxon vernacular I employed to tell him exactly where I thought he should go.
Follow us on facebook:
I did another mini-redo this week. I'm not sure it is really blogworthy, but I will show you anyway. I have these old sconces in my bathroom which I love. I added the little shades many years ago and spruced them up with the green trim.
Good morning,everyone!
Another lazy-evening, time-strapped, just-put-the-baby-to-bed dinner, tacos are such an easy way to deliver protein, starch and a little veg to the sleepwalking. Particularly if one is fortuitous enough to have pressure-cooked a 5lb. pork shoulder the prior evening (which, itself, took only about 45 minutes).
and a hand to hold if you need it.
Katrina Kaif…. Item Song
3. What’s your favorite part of the book so far?
Cruel and inevitable, as day passes into night.
That’s it, folks! Be sure to check out more of palindromicpanda’s stuff on Silly Pudding!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray the inside of a 10-inch Bundt pan with Pam for Baking or Baker's Joy. Make sure the tube part is sprayed as well. Add sugar, eggs, vanilla, oil and applesauce to a large mixing bowl.
Seriously - such an easy and yummy dinner. But in my book, you really can't go wrong with anything covered in pesto.
At work now, who knows what the rest of the visit will bring.
Each person who nominated me had the best of intentions–they adore and admire my blog (I know because they said so when they nominated me–and I believe everything I read).
Well then, my day was not like your day. Neener-neener. Not that I’m gloating or anything but, well, yes, yes, I am. Sorry. Let’s move on and you'll get a little payback on me for gloating as today's story unfolds.
"Good God. Seriously. Are you still holding that banana?" I asked my son.
Did you share your knowledge with others?
Some departments that bring in invited speakers want not only a title but also an abstract, presumably to provide further information for those who are considering attending, or just for general educational purposes. I always comply, but I don't like providing talk abstracts because I feel that it limits what I talk about, more than just a title.
I also don’t know if I’m a little annoyed that Yi Gak just plans to use her this way. I guess they’ve softened the blow by not making her fall in love with him for real but he really just plans on marrying her and disappearing back to Joseon. That’s so not cool.
1 lb. frozen long green beans, defrosted
It’s something to look forward to; to work towards. There is a goal and you are striving for it.
Ultraman:
Kindle note – your eBook cover will feature a small Kindle graphic on the lower right hand corner. Leave your book cover blank in that corner. Don’t put any important details there as it will be covered up with that graphic.
In both cases, these smaller types of busses serve generally short routes, connecting (for example) a transit center or marketplace (these things generally come together) with a housing estate (a common term for a large apartment building or other residential complex) or a small village communtity, both of which are abundant in the rural parts of the region. The service that they often run is shuttle-like in nature, in that there are two distinct clusters of stops (often a single stop) on either end of the route, without much in between. The primary franchised bus lines generally serve provide bidirectional service along a linear corridor, just like the vast majority of the bus lines in Portland do.
Alternatively, under a traditional CVA, the new owner can be in control by the start of next season. Both options depend on the matters mentioned above, and neither looks to be putting up the money needed to give a CVA any chance. So whilst in theory a CVA could result in a new owner being in charge by next season, I do not see how it can be achieved.
Get your chat on about the sketch challenge in this forum. CLICKING HERE. Have questions? Have comments? Have suggestions? We’d love to chat about it. Drop by and say hello!
Finally, today I ran a 10K in Mukilteo with hopes of working on my speed a little more. I had hoped for sub 52 minutes, but could only manage 52:46 (about 8:30 pace). My first three miles went quite well, but I struggled in the second half. (Averaging was my savior.). That could be because the first half was a downhill grade, and the second half had more uphills...also, it was getting warm! No pictures, no age group award (the top three in my AG were sub-50...quite rightly). I did about 1.5 miles warm-up before, and half a mile after, for a total of about 8.2 miles today.
*SQUEAL!*
coiled yellow string
Here are peekaboo details:
Neil Gorton Big sadness. Rest in Peace
Xinhua.
With the assumptions above, always ethical. I threw this in for two reasons: one, because it’s a disgusting thought for some, and two, because I think it’s a cool idea, since burying or cremating people is wasteful in comparison (edited; credit to Aimee for helping me with it).
on a dapple gray we call Snow Ghost.
Update: Correct prediction. I do miss it!
Remember how I used to make beer battered fish on you, until you made a little fire at the bottom of the oven? Those were good times. And good fish, too. I could really go for some beer battered fish right about now. But instead I'm going to make frozen spinach out of my emergency food reserve and tear apart the kitchen AGAIN looking for you.
In my Father’s house there are many dwelling places. If there were not, would I have told you that I am going to prepare a place for you?
Don't let your life pass you by
When the items we perfected over weeks, months, years are met with oohs and ahhs and smiles, there is no better feeling on earth. But sometimes our brilliant idea is...
AMYQS Blog (amyqsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The rifle is a Belgian Mauser, Model 1950, one of the last bolt-action Mausers ever produced. This one was made in 1952 and bears the Belgian crown over a letter "B" for King Baudouin, the monarch of Belgium.The letters "ABL" stand for Armee Belge-Belgisch Leger, or "Belgian Army Rifle" in both French and Dutch.
This is the single most effective celebration of humanity, death, and loss that I have ever read. And I do mean to link “celebration” and “death.” It’s not morbid or preachy or any of the other bad things it could have been in less insightful hands. It’s a portrait of us and our weird, pointless, gorgeous existence.
Homebirth via public hospitals is a valuable addition to publicly funded maternity services. Women and their babies benefit, as homebirth requires the promotion of normal physiological birthing, feeding, and nurture processes. Midwives benefit in being separated from reliance on unnecessary medical interventions.
“A decade ago, almost everyone would have said efforts to get Brazil to stop cutting down the Amazon were a total failure,” said Doug Boucher, head of the Tropical Forest and Climate Initiative at the Union of Concerned Scientists. “Thanks to a shift in political dynamics and rise of a strong environmental movement, it became a huge success story.”
"Oooh...pretty purple shoes! I looooove those!"
I was very excited. I had really wanted to go to L'As du Fallafel when I was here last summer but I ran out of eating opportunities. Today was the perfect time.
Director Edward Bernds lenses this about as well as he did many Bowery Boys and Three Stooges efforts - albeit with more metallic surfaces and alien chicks. Suffice it to say we have a few major scenes here that deal with elements that would have seemed more at home with Leo Gorcey glowering at his stupid chums or Curly Howard getting clobbered with a pipe wrench.
You will not see the word ‘Borders.’
Games During Dinner
Is it ok to not think things through all the time, when I only mean well in everything I do?
Colonel Yates leaves with the police. Sir James, he says, will be joining them later.
Amazingly, during our entire day, we never encountered a single person. Not one. The quiet resonated within my heart, allowing me to spend time with my thoughts, carefully mulling over topics and situations. The end result, you ask?
Removal of Work
Cities throughout the Midwest and beyond are mobilizing to bring people to Chicago. Milwaukee will be organizing a series of teach-ins about NATO to build up to the May 20 protest involving several community organizations. On May 20, there will be at least two buses full of Milwaukee activists headed to Chicago to protest against the NATO war makers and the 1%.
Now I want to take sentiment and other charts into account. I have pointed out recently that sentiment as per Investor’s Intelligence is not what one would expect to see at a major market high. The bull/bear ratio just got close to the key 2.50 level last week and bears still remain high at over 20%. I would also point out the Nasdaq Composite has broken out of an 11 year base. Previous highs were 2862 in 2007 and 2888 in 2011. Those now become support. The index closed today at 2991 so those levels are only about 3.4-4.3% below current levels. The early-March 2012 low at 2900 could also provide support. In my eyes this is a retracement within a cyclical bull market. If the October high of 2753 was overlapped it would be cause for concern.
What Parker says happened next could make the fallout from the brutal beating even worse. As the attackers walked away, leaving Owen bleeding on the ground, Parker says one of them said "Now thats justice for Trayvon." Trayvon Martin is the unarmed teenager police say was shot and killed February 26 by neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman in Samford, Florida. Police canvassed the area, but did not find any suspects. They're asking anyone with information to call them at 251-208-7211, Crime Stoppers at 251-208-7000, or text a tip to 274637 and include the keyword CRIME 411. WKRG's website also quotes a neighbor who said earlier today they also heard the words "Now that's justice for Trayvon" after the beating of Owens.
4. Legion Dominion
Here's a note from English Novelist and Playright, JB Priestley about the collection;
The movie abruptly ends on his corpse. There is no wrap up. No reuniting of Lane and Burke. In fact, the whole bit about the FBI agents coming to her rescue is unresolved. It is literally as though the producers ran out of money and just had to end the movie right now. The only good aspect of the ending is that it is such an abrupt surprise, you will forget how dumb it is the killer, standing five feet away, does not notice Lane is swinging her way to freedom. Oh, and there is gun nearby. He should have enabled comments. That way a viewer could have told him to turn around for a moment.
Another law is that the more laws that are created to protect children, the more children will be abused, tortured and killed as a result, especially if it is in Florida or California. Mickey Mouse and the gang definitely fit into all of it. California is really out there when it comes to this. It is beyond debate that California judges, state social workers and other facilitators are engaged in Satanic, child abuse rituals and in making sure that children are placed in, or returned to truly terrible conditions, where they can be harmed and tormented for extended periods of time. I have listed very little of what I have come across and using a major search engine will turn up more information than you could read and absorb in a very long time. A few months ago, more or less, there was an article that listed case after case, after case in California, where the courts were returning large numbers of children to abusive situations, when a sane and caring parent was available to receive them. In case after case, the courts returned these children into the hands of monsters, who already had a history of violating them and turned a deaf ear to the good parent; often the parent who had brought it to their attention in the first place and who was backed up by the testimony of the children and corroborating medical evidence.
Ready to take your standard card to a whole new level? Learn how to incorporate specialty folds, shadow boxes, pop-ups and other fun interactive elements into your greetings! Join long-time instructor Julie Ebersole for Fold It, Pop It, Flip It, Zip It! and learn more than a dozen different ways to add an extra element of fun and surprise to your card designs!
The Clyde Stride is split into more or less 4 x 10 mile stretches, and there are checkpoints where you can leave bags with goodies in them. So I’ll be working my energy intake on training around that. 10 miles in I’ll take on energy in the form of food, and maybe in between I’ll take on gels. We’ll see.
Part of our traveling took us to Indianapolis, the headquarters for the area executive covering Latin America and the Caribbean division of Global Ministries. There we embraced by our partners, took part in a debriefing, a psychological interview and attended several meetings where we redefined our responsibilities for the next few months.
“But when I kissed a cop down at 23rd and Vine,
My son Emmitt (2) once pulled off a few of the keys from our laptop keyboard. And I can't put them back on. There are plenty of ways I could have punished him to attempt to make him realize it wasn't a good thing to do. To make him feel responsible for his actions. To make him feel bad for doing this in hopes that it would prevent him from doing it again.
“When you or I write a check there must be sufficient funds in our account to cover the check, but when the Federal Reserve writes a check there is no bank deposit on which that check is drawn. When the Federal Reserve writes a check, it is creating money.” – Putting It Simply, Boston Federal Reserve Bank
One day when I was at CalArts the animator Glen Keane gave a lecture and a handout on "Dynamics of Animated Drawing" (full handout can be seen here) and it contained a sentence that I didn't really take notice of at the time, but over the years I've realized that there's a lot of wisdom contained within that thought.
But since then I have been reminded of that gaping hole in my gut again. And feeling that hole so much again makes me wonder if it will ever stop hurting. Will I ever be whole again? Will I ever be the same carefree, innocent person without a care in the world ever again? I don't know that I will be or even can be. And part of me is glad because that means I will always remember you, but the other part of me wishes so much that I could just be normal again. Normal like I was before your daddy and I ever started trying to have kiddos. Normal and carefree and completely oblivious to the stupid, horrible and totally unfair things that happen in this world. I don't understand it, Carter. But I guess there is no sense in fighting it. I can't change my circumstances, I can only embrace who and where I am currently. It's hard though, buddy. It's hard to stay positive sometimes.
Location: Plus One Foundation – we do not have a formal office space but we meet at local businesses
Prosecutors will need to convince the judge and jury that George Zimmerman’s actions meet the criteria for second-degree murder. From the legal definition, it is apparent prosecutors will need to prove George Zimmerman acted in a manner that was “imminently dangerous to another” and that such actions were “evincing a depraved mind regardless of human life.” It would be helpful to find precedent in past court cases to help define these concepts, but for now here is a legal definition of “depravity of mind.”
This is the biggest piece I have made in a long time. For some reason my resin faces NEVER turn out how I imagine them in my head, so it is pretty much an 'I wonder what it will look like' session, when sculpting these. The face is entirely made by hand, like the rest of my creations.
Long lasting, this year’s Pirelli tires are not. But is that necessarily a bad thing? Michael Schumacher was quick to voice his displeasure in the press, following Sunday’s race. He accused Pirelli of producing tires, that didn’t allow the cars or their drivers, to reach their maximum potential on the track. I tend not to agree and in many ways, the high degradation of the Pirellis, has made for some very exciting wheel to wheel racing.
Woooo wee. I had to practically roll myself outta there.
There are two snippets of code you can add to your blog.
Not knowing who you’re soliciting: If you query an editor, don’t say ‘Dear Agent’ because they are not an agent. Likewise, don’t address a query to a lady agent by saying ‘Dear Sirs.’ Giving us a choice (‘I am seeking a publisher or a literary agent’) means that you haven’t given the proper thought to who you’re sending the query to. Along that line, don’t say that you’re looking for a publishing house to represent you. Agents represent, not houses. There’s no need to say that you’re looking for an agent to represent you either. We know that any emails sent to the query address are queries. Just get to the point, *your book*
Frustrated by seeing the more superior Williams of Nelson Piquet and Nigel Mansell often get the better of him despite his undoubted talent, Senna was convinced the switch to McLaren would finally give him the success it craved. There he was partnered with the Frenchman Alain Prost, the golden boy of McLaren at the time. Fireworks would explode between the pair, though not initially. The 1988 McLaren Honda was the most dominant car in Grand Prix history, winning 15 of the season’s 16 races. If Jean-Louis Schelesser hadn’t taken Senna out in the closing stages at Monza, it could well have been a clean sweep. Senna won eight races to Prost’s seven – though the ‘Professor’s’ consistency meant he went on to score more championship points. However on a countback system, which the sport used at the time, Senna knew that victory in the 1988 Japanese Grand Prix would be enough for his first championship.
The woman said it was my word against hers but because I was making a fuss they would send someone round to empty my bin. I asked them to empty the neighbour's bin too as it was out on the street next to mine.
But when we go to Disney, it's a food fest!!! I don't watch what we eat, I don't count calories...I just enjoy and indulge!!
Customers are pleased to have minute to minute access to any data resulting from the fulfillment program. View detailed reports on usage, product history and more. Keep informed on product quantity. Trust that your products are handled with care. Trackability that customers are obtaining orders promptly. Receive emails when inventory runs low or sits idle for too long.
Is there any God besides me? No, there is no other Rock; I know not one.” Isaiah 44:8
The paper was cited in an amicus brief in the Fisher case. In briefs filed with the Supreme Court, a key, and persuasive, argument of opponents of on-campus preferences—including, as I wrote about at MTC, my UPI co-author Stuart Taylor—is that not only do these preferences violate the 14th amendment’s promise of all people receiving equal treatment under the law regardless of their race, but preferences don’t even benefit the people (minorities, in this instance) they allegedly were designed to serve. In this instance, the paper’s authors concluded that “attempts to increase representation [of minorities] at elite universities through the use of affirmative action may come at a cost of perpetuating underrepresentation of blacks in the natural sciences and engineering.”
But just 69 miles southeast of us Cullman was hit
Now I am all for free speech, even of such falsehoods and outrageous and despicable fabrications as what Louis Farrakhan has just spewed forth here. That said, how does this fool have any credibility with anybody other than those that want to believe these lies based on their faith in such things and an abject hatred of all things American?
So, in no particular order, here's 20 movies to get excited for over the coming months:
As soon as you know exactly why your best fitting pair of shoes fit so well, locate shoes which have comparable design or are made from comparable materials, and you must not have too many problems ordering the selection of shoes on the web.
move my chair, clutch at straws.
I couldn’t even find the words to explain, or apologize to my girls for the sights they were seeing. On the way out my homegirl made a statement that hit home. She said “I though all those pics you see on Facebook of how people in the states go to Walmart, or clubs were fake! Clearly they are not!” God Bless the USA.
I just printed them on to 'one up' sticker A4 pages purchased from Officeworks and cut and placed in desired place.
But today, after 5 years, decided that these notes don’t anything for me anymore. Sure, they hold sentimental value, but the depth of the relationship would be reflected in what I have TODAY and that looks very different from what the notes say.
Fans of dead performers like myself (and most of us) can’t help but feel a little off-put by the idea of using, and ultimately exploiting, a long-dead performer’s likeness and recorded material for profits. That hasn’t deterred the technology from building buzz, as Elvis is already rumored to be next and famed female R&B group TLC might be resurrecting Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes for their next tour.
As his paintings scroll across the screens, quotes in his writing rotate on two different walls. Despite his inner turmoil, Van Gogh’s soul was one of love, wonder, and hope. One quote in particular stood out to me as it truly sums up the character of Van Gogh:
I trust that God sees my heart. He gave me this desire to have children. And whether or not I have children of my own, I will be someone’s mom. I will speak into someone’s life. Perhaps I already have.
He should be there in a couple of days. OH MY!
"He has always talked about how growing up in this place has shaped his character," Mrs. Obama said. "There is a special spirit here, a spirit of openness and tolerance."
Curran and Seaton show that the market did successfully accomplish what state intervention failed to do. Following the repeal of the punitive taxes on newspapers between I853 and I869, a new daily local press came into existence, but not one new local working-class daily was established through the rest of the nineteenth century. Curran and Seaton note that
We have a number of walnut trees at our new house, but there is this one in particular that grows huge walnuts. State Fair prize winner sized walnuts. I mean, look at that thing! In the past week, those green hulls have started cracking open, almost like flowers to reveal the walnuts inside of them. We’ve been having great fun collecting them, my youngest son and I. One of his favorite activities at school is the nut cracking activity and knowing that his teacher is always in need of walnuts, he runs out there to collect her a bag as often as he thinks of it.
So, the messiest job in ceramics is mixing clay, but I don't mix my own clay. The second messiest job is mixing glazes, and I mix my own glazes. Under my studio is our basement, where I store clay and all the bags of powders to mix glaze. There is also a door to the outside and a hose, and it all works OK and could be a whole lot more gross than it is.
“Did you get it?” She'd ask. “Did you get The Look?”
Farm Kid #1: …And we have blackberries and you have blueberries! We love to trade AND share!
I have so many cousins – some I’ve never met, or likely even heard of. While in the Republic of Ireland in ‘77 (it was a bad time to go to the north so the Belfast contingent came down to us), I came face to face for with Mary’s son, Harry and it was honest-to-god like looking in a mirror. I have never forgotten that.
Luzinski broke out for the Phillies in 1973, but had injury issues in 1974 as he played in just 85 games. He bounced back big-time in 1975, driving in 120 runs and finishing second in the National League MVP voting. He finished second again in 1977.
GoDz I love these wacky 40% off sales...I got all of these for under $20 total!
RUSCETTI, Francis, W.; (US).
Yeah, be invisible.
Looks like it could be the entire reason why
The day of the wedding started out cloudy, which was to be expected.
He awakes
We are slowly getting your nook more ready for you in our bedroom. The crib is set up and we bought a travel type bassinet/co-sleeper you will be in for your first few months. Your crib sheet, custom rainbow star blanket, and custom sun/cloud/rainbow mobile have all been ordered and on their way as well.
I think that Romeo wanted to play and/or talk with Juliet, who was not there but there was a talk with his parent’s about it, but his parent’s were refusing him to play or talk with Juliet or her family; and they were telling him about other families that he could not associate with.
Whatever has the scent I like is what I'll use.
The shrill shriek would have done any girl of 5 honour, but it was disgracing Alexander Knevash, who was old enough to be a squire, and he knew it. His shaking hands also shamed him, and for a moment he feared that he had even wet himself.
-Because we only started with a day's worth of cloth diapers for her at 5 weeks, we also used disposables (mostly of which were gifts from showers) when I wash the cloth diapers.
After a bit, though, I re-grouped, started thinking like a homeschooling mom again, and turned it into my Countdown to Consistency workshop, and actually eventually sold out of that big old first printing. Later, I wrote a very simple book, called "The Relaxed Home School", and the rest, as they say, is history. But I didn't do well at all until I figured out who my audience was and starting thinking like they did.
There is no proof, just circumstantial evidence, presumption… and we can’t think of anyone else, so: “al-Qaeda have launched several attacks”.
18. Tiramisu Cheesecake
I am in the Scholarship Program because: When I was young my parents weren’t able to send me to school. They picked coffee and traveled to follow the harvest. Even though I am older now, I want to take advantage of this opportunity to study at the Cultural Center. After I finish Adult Basic Education, I’d like to study sewing or cake making. My goal is to have a small business out of my home and generate an income for my family. I feel proud to study and discover that I can succeed.
Lieutenant Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), the sole survivor of the alien attack on the mining ship Nostromo, is awakened by a salvage ship after drifting through space in cryo-sleep for fifty-seven years in her escape pod. After her rescue, officials at the Weyland-Yutani Corporation (regularly referred to as “The Company”) give her a cold reception by revoking her flight license. Much to her horror, they reveal that planet LV-426, where her crew discovered the alien, has since been colonized without incident. However, when communication with the colony is lost, Ripley initially refuses to help, but her recurring nightmares and coxing by a representative of the Company, Carter Burke (Paul Reiser), convince her to accompany a group of Colonial Marines to investigate the situation. What awaits them all is a swarm of Xenomorphs that have infested the colony, the likes of which these marines are not prepared for, but Ripley will ultimately not be deterred from confronting and destroying the horror that haunts her.
Plant breeders and nursery people know much about edible plants, but that information seldom reaches the home gardener. Did you know that cilantro is a short day plant that needs cool weather? Or, did you know those large beefsteak tomato varieties have many ovaries and most need warm humid nights to pollinate properly? How do you know which vegetables to grow in the winter, and which to grow in the summer? There’s a rule of thumb: If you eat the leaf, tuber, or flower bud, the vegetable prefers cool conditions. If you eat the fruit (ie. tomatoes and squash are botanical fruits) or the seeds, it needs warm conditions to produce well. Come and hear more! Rosalind is a garden and food writer, landscape designer, and a pioneer in the field of integrating edibles into the landscape. Her most recent book is Edible Landscaping: The New American Garden. Learn from the best! www.rosalindcreasy.com
There were three separate studio recording sessions; the last one produced the three songs that make up this Ep. 1,000 copies were pressed, as well as a number of buttons/pins picturing the Nads logo; some of which were thrown into the crowd at shows. They played all the requisite places, Lupo’s Heartbreak Hotel, The Living Room in Providence, The Rat in Boston, CBGB’s and Hurrah’s in NYC. The RI press was especially supportive and featured the band several times in the area papers. They gigged regularly with bands like the Neighborhoods, Robin Lane and The Chartbusters, The Schemers and Human Sexual Response; as well as opening for bands such as: Mink DeVille, U2, and Squeeze. Glen Tilbrook of Squeeze became a friend, and had agreed to produce their follow up record, but the band broke up before it happened.
I thought I would follow suit and add a "light" post today by pointing you to one of the cameras that has brought me great pictures over the past couple of posts.
She was born at 35 weeks and lived physically only a matter of minutes. We miss her every day!
“After a thorough discussion of the subject, it was agreed to start the paper, each one present contributing to a fund for the purpose. But my idea had been modified, and a campaign paper was determined upon, to cease with the election. The title of the new paper was suggested by Judge Greenwood. It was The Brooklyn Daily Eagle and Kings County Democrat.
Rumbold was cursed for a reason. This reason is discussed in detail. The curse also affects who Rumbold is as a person. Yes, the book even discusses the physical and psychological effects that being a frog may have had on the prince after he has become human again. Rumbold is a character that I immediately sympathized (*cough* fell in love *cough*) with, even as a frog. He is a charmingly awkward, yet witty young man (er, frog) with obvious personal issues. But underneath it all you know there is a dashing prince who can surely pull through. I may have found a new fairy tale crush!
3. Do you own a gun?
The firefighters' duties included responding to medical emergencies and carrying out airfield inspections and runway checks.
-red (what I have now)
In free practice for the Indian GP, we saw a violent fluttering of Felipe Massa’s front wing. This is a higher frequency movement than the flex we commonly see on front wings – in fact, the movement is enough to cause the endplates to hit the ground, sending up showers of sparks. Bearing in mind that the wing is around 75mm off the ground when the car is at rest, we can appreciate the amount of movement that’s occurring here.
The singer tweeted this evening: ‘It’s always been a childhood dream of mine to get a No.1 single! Thank you so much to everyone who bought Young. Xx’
Law enforcement tracking of cellphones has become a powerful and widely used surveillance tool for local police, with hundreds of departments large and small using it aggressively with little or no court oversight, the New York Times reports. Cellphone companies are marketing a catalog of “surveillance fees” to determine a suspect’s location, trace phone calls and texts, or provide other services.
So much for the contention of sophisticated theologians that Americans don’t really believe in the tenets of faith (and angels are barely mentioned in the Bible!), but simply see their religion as a pretty story, or, as Tim Padgett asserts, a “lovely idea” that inspires good works.
Paper: Stampin' Up Designer Paper Beau Chateau, Doodlebug Glitter Paper
oil-2tbsp
I know what it means to be the hated/despised one as I have been to South Africa. Many of the white people there dislike Jews as much as they dislike black people. When I was there, I was a bit scared due to the fact that almost every 7-11 equivalent openly sells neo-nazi propaganda magazines and it is nothing to see swastikas in the ‘ghetto’ and nice areas. I understand hate as there are people right now running to lead my government in America who believe I am inherently bad because I believe in Buddhism, Judaism and Animism.
Nicholas Reid / Ill-Clothed But Widely Read / 128
Kocurek started off the evening off with Venison Prosciutto wrapped around Juniper-Canteloupe Geleé, Cheek-to-Cheek Terrine (Confit of Pig Jowl & Beef Cheeks braised in Red Wine) topped with Italian Fruit Mustardo and Port Wine Reduction, Pâté de Campagne topped with Caraway Mustard, and Shrimp and Crawfish Boudin Blanc on a bed of Bacon Leek Ragout with Sauce Americaine. I especially liked the venison prosciutto wrapped around juniper-canteloupe gelee. It had the flavors of prosciutto wrapped melon, and the texture of something exotic. The other favorite was the shrimp and crawfish boudin blanc on a bed of bacon leek ragout with sauce (not pictured). It was a fancy version of Louisiana flavors served in a bite.
This is the term used for hearing without letting anything touch your brain cells. Total tune-out. Many Indians will agree with you without hearing a single word you say or correct you hearing only half of what you say and the rest they construct from the people they have met before. When you speak to an Indian, he is not responding to you or anything you said.. just to the sum total of what he has heard in life till then on that topic.. and then he states his position on that subject. With a 20,000 year history and everything already said by everyone better than you, where is the need to hear you out or to understand the theme of your argument?
We do get a glimpse of religious difference in each of the successive wedding plans, as the couple repeatedly approach and then back off from tying the knot. In the first wedding planning session with all four parents and a clergy member representing each side, the Jews announce that the men will wear yarmulkes, and the Christians counter with a plan to have communion at the wedding. Interfaith lesson #1: passive-aggression, willful religious ignorance and hardline negotiation are not effective interfaith communication skills. The wedding plan falls through.
Meanwhile, AJR 26, the bill to eliminate the Offices of the Secretary of State and State Treasurer, should be scheduled for a vote before the full Assembly very soon. I will post any updates here.
This dark adventure does have an undercurrent of romance, but you have to remember that these two hate each other. It's a slow burn that leads you to a forest fire before the last book in the series.
I am becoming unsoulclogged.
In a sane world, there would be laws forbidding the contamination of the food chain by pharmaceutical corporations; health care would be focused upon treating illnesses, not masking symptoms with drugs; those responsible for industrial pollution such as the BP atrocity in the Gulf of Mexico would be dealt with in the harshest possible ways (rather than covering-up their crimes, and even as in the case of BP, orchestrating the invasion of Libya to replace BP's lost profits); mental and physical health would be considered as a whole and not used for political purposes; men such as Mr Rose would be helped back to normality rather than condemned to travel further into insanity.
However, the announcement of three panelists – journalist Dileep Padgaonkar, conflict resolution academic Radha Kumar, and Information Commissioner M M Ansari – has disappointed most people and attracted anger and ridicule. To many, it represents a desperate anxiety to pretend – just before President Obama’s visit to India – that the government is sincerely grappling with the Kashmir issue. The Valley’s moderates as well as extremists have declared the panel a non-starter. Indian parties, from the Left to the Right, have attacked its exclusion of politicians, who they feel should lead it. Their unanimous opinion is that the Centre is not serious about finding a Kashmir solution. There is no support for the panel from political, civil society or intellectual opinion, not even the ruling Congress.
Trans-Siberian Orchestra‘s second release, The Christmas Attic, again tells the story of an angel sent to earth, but this time he is to leave one thing that will benefit mankind.
Fortunately, behind its traditional brick-masonry walls, Kathmandu hides a number of gracious courtyards where soothing fountains flow, sunlit gardens quietly thrive, and iced drinks are served in the shade. The "valley of Shangri-La" was thought to be a hidden paradise amongst craggy mountains; similarly, these urban oases offer respite from the grime.
are for the completion of
Cardstock: Purple ,White, Blue, Green and Yellow
All those things change always is.
The response:'You're an adult you can cope with it....'
Can an FBI agent obsessed with redemption and a grieving widow desperate to clear her husband’s name learn to believe in love again?
In Friendster, one can create a blog account. But some of my contacts’ blogs are “copy and paste”! (Most don’t attribute sources.)
WAITER: And how would you like the filet mignon?
So inform yourself and as many people you can, in any way you can imagine. Decide to help improve our world and don’t stop until you’ve done it! Be it a small or a huge change, it’s always better than nothing. Importantly, don’t underestimate your power. Also keep in mind that trying and failing is a wiser approach than never trying.
The following year, Egypt adopted a constitution that instituted a bicameral legislature to which all members of the House of Representatives and three fifths of the Senate would be elected. Fouad retained many powers, which he used frequently to dissolve the parliament. In 1930 he instituted a new constitution that severely limited the parliamentary power, but popular dissatisfaction forced him to restore the 1923 Constitution a year before his death in 1936.
Three blueberries from my garden.
The new product will be called Casamigos. Gerber said he and Clooney plan on "making the liquor available to all." I'm not sure what that means, unless it's a broad hint that it won't be priced at the premium level.
I mean, just look at this photo - an everyday scene in Rajasthan, but do you think that if you tried to style something like this, with these amazing colours that you could come even close to pulling it together?
The Skin Association funded research into welt reducing techniques. The Stomach Association can up with ways to help with stomach cramps. Pharmaceutical companies pushed a wide range of drugs to combat headaches, sour stomachs, dizziness along with welt-reducing creams and potions. While some of these products did what they claimed they would do, most had side-effects that were as bad as the symptoms that they were designed to cure. If you took one drug to combat a symptom related to cyanide, new symptoms emerged from taking the drugs – everything from diarrhea to impotence and even death.
In 16 years I have learnt more and grown more and suffered more than I’ve ever imagined possible.
Still a few other projects yet to be started and requiring a quick finish.
Alien Lanes: 12
I'm ready to get my country on! Yeeeeehaww!
- SAPA
His face forever to behold
All historians agree today that the schism which eventually became a permanent form of separation between Eastern and Western Christians did not occur suddenly. It was the result of a progressive “estrangement” (the English term used by the French theologian Yves Congar), and cannot even be dated. The churches of Rome and Constantinople were often separated for long periods of time already between the fourth and the ninth centuries. Those early conflicts were sometimes caused by heresies, held in the capital of the Eastern empire (Arianism, 335-381; Monotheletism, 533-680; Iconoclasm, 723-787; 815-842) and rightfully rejected by Rome. Sometimes Rome and Constantinople differed in their attitude in the field of eccliastical oikonomia (the “Neo-Nicean” position, inherited from the Cappadocian Fathers, 381-ca. 400; the attitude to be adopted towards the Henotikon, also referred to as the “Acacian schism”, 482-518), and communication was broken on those grounds. Whatever the issue and whoever was at fault, it is clear that, underneath the debate on a concrete theological or disciplinary problem, there was a developing difference on the repective authority of the “apostolic see” of Rome on the one side, and on the other, the idea of a conciliar consensus prevailing in the East.
Apply your regular foundation. It is sometimes better to start with a brush and then use the heat from your finger tips to blend it in. Buff skin with a foundation brush to ensure even coverage and no streaks.
So it's time for the mementos to go. I still know all the words by heart; I don't need the pants or the action figure or the poster or the toilet paper. I don't need memorabilia to remember.
Of course. I would certainly listen to what they had to say at the very least. I’d be crazy not to. Again, look at it from a business perspective. You have to understand that traditional publishers can shift tens of thousands (maybe hundreds of thousands) of books because they have the infrastructure, the money, the marketing ability, the experience, the contacts etc. etc. to do so. And like I said before, it’s very appealing to have a team of professionals around you to deal with the various facets of publishing a book. They would probably have to shift 4 to 5 times more than what I could sell as a self publisher to match my profit (yes, I said profit because it’s self-publishing, you don’t get royalties, you get profit), but that would probably be quite easy for a large publisher.
Consider this scatter plot, which shows the relationship between the percentage of votes won against the number of seats won.
And thank goodness she did because the world needed her literature a lot more than it needed another lawyer. In 1977, Silko published Ceremony. On the surface, the plot seems a lot like House Made of Dawn, except that Ceremony is the book that changed my life, and House Made of Dawn is just a book I like. Ceremony tells the story of Tayo, a fellow mixedblood who returns to the reservation after World War II suffering from serious PTSD and a heavy conscience due to the battlefield death of his cousin whom everyone held high expectations for. The black sheep of his community, Tayo drifts through his days in a hallucinatory haze becoming more and more alienated from a toxic world full of substance-soaked illusion and forces of destruction.
Manager of Strategy and Planning for Property Services Sue Larkins says making the Water of Leith a corridor through the Dunedin campus remains a strong element of the Plan, as does developing strategies for accommodating long-term academic and residential growth.
He showed my great-grandfather’s round spectacles, still in the family, and an engraved gold watch which he told me to keep.
Studios. This dress is our nod-to the retro-silhouette love that’s out
Fellow psychologist Frederic Wertham missed the message too. He considered Wonder Woman “one of the most harmful” crime comics and the character “a horror type. She is physically very powerful, tortures men, has her own female following, is the cruel, ‘phallic’ woman. While she is a frightening figure for boys, she is an undesirable ideal for girls, being the exact opposite of what girls are supposed to want to be.”
Power Trip
Using White Labs English Ale Yeast (WLP002)
“But it won’t affect a property’s resale value. It’s not permanent and can be easily replaced. Besides, the first thing most homebuyers do is give it a new coat of paint anyway.
Elizabeth will be rounding up the other posts in this Cook Along to celebrate the publication of her new cookbook, so check over at her website, GlutenFreeBaking.com later to see what other people cooked up.
Trustworthy. Honest and keeps secrets. People can sense this in me. That's why they tell me their most private feelings. They know I won't share it with anyone else. I'm the Anti-Gossip Girl.
Instructions for the cleanse
Details of containment unclear.
Even though their kinds are represented
Jesus put it out there for all of us to consider: “If anyone would come after me”. If anyone seeks to be a fully devoted follower of Jesus Christ or if anyone wants to be associated or identified with him, it means that there is a certain route one must take.
Zaatar Days, Henna Nights ~ by Maliha Masood (Egypt, Syria, Jordan, Turkey)
The feather floated down and landed at my feet.. maybe last night hadnt been a dream after all.. maybe my angel really did come and visit me…
For him, nothing has changed. As I say, the more things have changed (for the better) for me, the more they have remained the same for him.
It’s useful and legitimate to isolate Jewish leftism and cultural Marxism, to assemble relevant facts and discuss their characteristics and harmful consequences. But it can’t be done reliably by people who testify for the defense in Holocaust deniers’ trials (pdf), and then deny the denial. It cannot be done by people who ascribe a collective malignancy to others, but are themselves so tainted by a malignancy that they view all of Western history with shades fashioned to block all light frequencies but the narrow band of cherchez le juif.
One night, we were dining at our favorite restaurant. I was picking at the grilled chicken and steamed fish, I was morose. I saw his eyes shift over to me and I realized he wasn't as cold to my moods as I thought. Some song started to play in the background, an old song called "Lovefool".
Barbara Hewitt (English Democrats) 681 (25%)
The transition between needle and cable is smooth, but the cable is a little less flexible and slightly sturdier than modern cables. It looks like the yarn should catch on it, but no, it’s beautifully smooth.
I am reminded of James Howard Kunstler's admonition that during times of great stress mass delusions of deliverance--in this case through technology--are often afoot. I cannot fault fusion researchers for working on the intriguing problem of sustaining a fusion reaction that will produce more energy than it consumes. Nor can I fault them for seeking out the safest fuel possible. But the drumbeat in the media that alternatives are just around the corner--if we will only do things such as set up a Moon base and mine the surface--take the public's eye off more viable responses.
This past weekend I found myself partying halfway across Turkey. Literally. Friday afternoon I went over to a friend's house to, well, wait for my friend to get back from having her hair done. As soon as the girls came back, we were off. First stop...a circumcision party near downtown Ankara. This marks a coming of age in a boy's life and usually takes place between 6 and 12. In this case, the boy was 10 or 12 (I kept getting different answers). He's been battling cancer for a while and had to wait until the upper end of the age range for his party (an presumably circumcision, although I never did have the guts to ask).
First Sketch Prize...This is the Prize for the winner voted on by the Design Team for October's challenge...and don't forget there will be 2 random drawings for 2 more lucky winners and you know Pam won't disappoint with those 2 prizes either...So let's get this Contest started!!!
“As we flew down from Birmingham, the track is all the way down, and then when you get in Tuscaloosa here it’s devastating,” Gov. Robert Bentley said, declaring Alabama “a major, major disaster.”
Thankfully, they helped me change everything and nobody had made a transaction under my PayPal because I think I caught it in time. But I couldn't fully understand the employee's accent so I am still a little confused about how to handle the situation. But at least I have the information that no purchases were made and I needed to contact PayPal to fix everything on there side.
Museu do Futebol
I know that Stephen King in his uber-phenomenal book, "On Writing" says that's how he does it.. but he must have like a built in GPS for his stories or something because I've tried doing that and I always seem to end up writing about lack of sleep or stinky diapers or college football, or something like that.
5. Travel with Emergency Hydration & Nutrition
STEP 3: Not easy to write a bit ab out me, but let’s give it a try.
I don’t mean this as righteous, but it may come off that way, especially in contrast to my friend above: when the packing came out of me, as I was lying in bed a few days after the op, I cried too, but I cried because I could feel the gauze moving around inside me. Because I had an interior at last. I think that’s what I said to the doctor as he was doing the magic trick of pulling endless gauze from between my legs.
CD: When you visited a local prison in the UK did it help you to relate to the prisoners there, or was their situation very different?
It's all mine! Now, this sewing cabinet is rather deceptive. It looks, uh, like this:
Margarita made with Tanteo Jalapeno Tequila, honey, grapefruit juice,
Supposing they do kick me out .Am I to feel scared?
He's not surprised there's no correlation. He didn't expect it. As we both know, the variables are huge.
1149. Cheese Bread & Crazy Salad @ Mellow Mushroom (Asheville, NC) 7:21 p.m.
The next day he decided to drive the cat 40 blocks away. He put the beast out and headed home. Driving back up his driveway, there was the cat!
The music that I write now has always been there. In fact, I met the Loro's members while I was first starting the whole Pika thing, but I put it on the backburner because I loved my members and wanted to devote all my time to working and fine-tuning music with Loro's. I have no real super huge goal with Pika and I hope that it makes a few people very content and that would just make my day. In fact, it's more like a project that I do on my own because sometimes a girl just has to sing to herself, because you yourself are the only one that really knows you, right??? hehe. In any case, I haven't really hyped it up that much or anything because it was more my own naked music, fetal position, happy, sad, what have you. I'd like it to hopefully become more easier to do concerts (this recent concert was quite stressful).
Quantum jumping where diagonals interspace
Will: Personal liberty!
Work sucks. It’s raining. I’m swamped. But I’m going to pick 5 things this morning – and throughout the day – that I’m grateful for.
- hair tie
We stood next to each other in the bathroom and looked at ourselves in the mirror. Two beautiful people in a beautiful apartment, said Sonia, and laughed. I turned and kissed her, and thought of the beautiful couple in the mirror kissing as well, and that excited me more than the actual kiss itself.
Today I found myself with a half jar of left over Prego sauce that Jon used to make dinner last week when I was gone. There are always eggs in the fridge and I had a nice bunch of fresh basil waiting to be used up. I picked up some goat cheese while grocery shopping this morning and was ready for lunch when I got home.
For those of you who know what I’ve been up to over the last week, you understand that I have been flying on cloud nine…literally.
The other event will be the April 28 Bersih 3.0 rally. Will it take off as the organizers have planned. Bersih has announced a total nationwide target crowd-size of 500,000. Pundits are saying, if even 100,000 turn up, then Najib will be shifting his GE-13 target date to September, and from there, he may even shift it further to 2013.
To the citizen’s of Barrow Burrow, perception of their world differed substantially from that of those species that relied upon the dictatorship of sight; on unobstructed straight line transmission of information through lenticular organizers into the neural apparatus governing the essential awareness necessary for the survival of most living things. Those living in Barrow Burrow and those in other burrows “saw” instead, a web of impressions unaffected by those mere physical impediments that obstruct one’s line of sight; much like those Polynesians “saw” the islands beyond the horizon.
Could the police chief in charge at the scene be investigated thoroughly to find out who or which politician behind has caused the temperature of the participants to rise and respond unnecessarily and suffer the the way they did?
to make this size, i use a little less than a 1/4 c of batter per blintz leaf. do no pour out the excess — this is not necessary. just keep swirling the pan around to coat the surface (which is why you need the right diameter pan!). if there is any patch which is not coated, you can add a few extra drops of batter.
Dear BabyCakes,
John Hlophe - Judge President of the Cape Provincial Division of the High Court.
1 tsp vanilla (for sweet version)
- Shammy 4/21/12 8:45am
"our lead vocalist has Aspergers and was born without eyes. He's obsessed with colour. We wrote a song about it (Green Lights) Rory also has perfect and absolute pitch. All being well, you should be able to listen to the song by clicking the Play button below:
Most are harmless; eg like lots of the tests have the assert keyword in them. With grails 1.2/ groovy 1.6 this meant that tests would have the most useless errors I’ve seen in a unit test. The cause? The Eclipse Groovy plugin imports Groovy 1.7, making the tests useful. Ah well, fixed in in the upgrade!
Conversely, with the rifles, Xu Guan used tools that he found in the maintenance shed to tear each one down as far as he could and harvested all of the smaller parts for spares. Xu Guan had plenty of experience with rifles that broke down in the field. Spare parts were worth their weight in gold.
Weather Warden Joanne Baldwin, her husband, the djinn David, and the Earth herself have been poisoned by a substance that destroys the magic that keeps the world alive. The poison is destabilizing the entire balance of power, bestowing magic upon those who have never had it, and removing it from those who need it. It's just a matter of time before the delicate balance of nature explodes into chaos-and doom.
8. We will not be caught up in too many projects, but will seek to truly enjoy each other.
The day ,it all began on the 20th ,we noticed that he was not eating ,at this point he has lost a lot of weight . At first I was in denial ,trying to get him to eat ,but after a while we knew .At first Mom called someone (we really had no money ) ,and after talking we decided it would be best for him to do it at home . He did one thing that week that I always wanted him to do ,but he would never ,and that was to sit in my lap ,that is when I really knew . Well on the evening of March 23 ,he went in to the bathroom ,and only wanted his Mama (Carrie ) in there . I will always miss him ,since you can tell ,it has been eight years ,and he was just a stupid cat .
So I’m thinking, that this is a valuable resource, and if it works, why not?
PAUL: Oh, obviously, because it’s about one page, if even that long. But…
Speaking of fast fashion, practically everything else I'm wearing came from F21. I placed a big ol' springtime order a couple weeks ago, and so far I have been really happy with everything I got! These jeans were meant to be cropped, but they fit me just right. I love the zippered ankles, and what you can't see here is that they are actually high waisted! The sweater is really lovely. The quality of the material is right up there with things I longingly fondle at Nordstrom and Anthro, and I love the woven embellishment and swingy silhouette. You can't see much of the little blouse underneath, because it is a tad chilly for chiffon, but fret not, I will be clubbing you over the eyeballs with it all summer, because it is the epitome of blue and white tribal print racerback asymmetrical ruffled perfection.
I had hoped that the trail would offer me glimpes of the fields and marsh adjacent to the north side of Mer Bleue. But the fog limited my view to no more than a hundred meters. Occasionally, I heard birds in the mist, and one flooded corn field held a few dozen geese and a pair of wood ducks. In the dim light, I couldn't make out the colours of the wood ducks, but knew them from their silhouettes. Just before reaching Milton Road, I found a red-tail hawk sitting in a tall, old elm beside the trail. But before I could dig my camera out of my pack, he flew off into the mist, with a parting "keeerrr!" of complaint at my intrusion.
We are in a war – not with other humans, but with the devil and his demons. His goal is to defeat us and he will use whatever means available to that end. His strategy – and yes, he has one – is to bombard us with nagging thoughts of doubt, fear, wonderings, speculations, theories, and reasonings, and if we choose to entertain these thoughts, we hold the door open and usher the enemy in. Then before we know it, we begin to agree with him…and strongholds, fortresses, are constructed to protect those agreements. It is these strongholds that separate us from the truth of the situation:
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
And, I have said this to Eriana plenty of times, its something that stuck with me the momement I heard Oprah Winfrey say it, she said "When people show you who they are BELIEVE THEM" I think thats's so true and I tell my daughter that often, because I think it's something she will need to know later on in life, being a young girl, teenager, and young adult. "When people show you who they are Believe Them".
Romney: Obama caused the recession in
When questioned about any regrets they had or anything they would do differently, common themes surfaced again and again. Here are the most common five:
There's more ....
Complaints are good to look at so you know what to expect / look out for in a given item. In this case, I knew that they scratch easily, the enamel can sometimes come loose or break off (nearly always noticed within the first few wears so can be attributed to a defect rather than wear), and the hardware can sometimes develop spots. When browsing, I made sure to look closely at the enamel and hardware for those flaws.
By meeting time, there is a strong possibility of snow turning to freezing rain, making both driving and walking a bit dangerous.
And the bottom line is, what defines you isn’t how many times you crash, but the number of times you get back on the bike. As long as it’s one more, you’re all good.” Lesson: Get back on the bike and ride again.
May 3rd is our 2nd Annual Faith and Solidarity Breakfast! We invite you to come and share a meal with us as we gather to reflect on our work, to honor the work of our beloved Rev. Dr. Norman Faramelli, and hold up the faithful witness our members give to the labor for worker’s rights!
I whip this up with hope in my heart that I may have made a new friend, distract all our kids with basic cookies or plain vanilla ice cream of their own, and then serve my Potential New Friend a steamy hot and gooey dessert with Haagen Dasz melting on top to see if she can fall in love with me through my dessert.
Well poor Sue is in the throes of a Peri-menopausal struggle; one where loud-ish noises, bright lights, late nights, and pretty much anything else generally considered innocuous can take on the characteristics of an emotional landslide. So with dear Sue’s mid-life proclivities firmly in mind I decided to take advantage of my brand new iPhone 4s’ amazing versatility.
Pav Bhaji Masala as per taste
Nothing is right: the tea pot
Take a look at yourself. What are your skills, what do you do best, who are you when you're able to be yourself and not responsible to the expectations of others? What are the most basic qualities you possess which you feel you can be proud of, which you feel may be of benefit to others in your environment? Is what you're doing right now enough to make you feel happy and fulfilled, leaving you with the feeling that you are making a positive difference in both your own life and the lives of others? Do you know makes you happy, or have you put those ideas aside, defering them for a fictitious future where everything will be better? Whatever you do, stop the wishful thinking and come back to earth.
I wonder why it happens like this? I wonder why the leaves that are so beautiful and so vibrant and so full of color and wonder must fall to the ground and blow off in the wind? Maybe it's to make way for another beautiful season that is to come? Maybe it's to break up the seasonal monotony? Maybe it's a God's way of replenishing and restoring His earth? A global grooming so to speak. I like the idea of the latter :)
Johnson is working on summer preschool work and doing very well at it. He has become so responsible. He is in charge of letting Boomer out and getting him into the car. Recently, he has asked us many questions and it is wonderful to see him reason about the things he observes around him.
Megan and I met some girls at a local park Friday night and had Imo's Pizza (YUM!). Collin enjoyed his first ever swing ride and flirted with all the girls present!
So speedily can venge! But, O poor Gloucester!
The Harris County Sheriff’s Office is projected to overspend its annual budget by $51 million, the third straight year it has blown past its planned expenditures by at least $40 million.
Autumn Years Rest Home: Mother’s Day Eve
Patricia McCormick has a new book due out soon—a book called NEVER FALL DOWN, based on "the true story of an 11-year-old boy who survived the Khmer Rouge by playing music in the Killing Fields." Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called the book "one of the most inspiring and powerful books" he's ever read. Our teens need books like these. And so do we.
Take a look at the second line of text on this page. I had made a mistake so I covered it with another piece of that painted, recycled book and rewrote the words. When an eraser won't work, figure something else out. There's always a way to 'fix' a problem! And, because I can't let anything go, the grid lines on this page are the tiny bits of torn off paper left because I had wanted torn edges on the page in yesterday's post.
6. Dallas Mavericks
The Fable of Zelda: The Minish Cap
Each recipe includes side dish suggestions
Oh, DanceBrazil was incredible. Incredible. Just beautiful - very athletic. Every single dancer was so muscular and toned, their whole bodies. And the drumming was great to watch! There are videos at the link I posted above, and on youtube - check 'em out! During the break, the gentleman who got the ticket and I started chatting, and it ended up he lives in Portland, Oregon. He had a conference in SC, and decided to bookend the conference with a stay in Charlotte the weekend before and the weekend after - just to go somewhere he'd never been, check it out, see what it was like. I gave him some ideas for things he might want to see when he was here, and we chatted just a tiny bit...
This was the CW's first visit to Sin City, and it figured to to be interesting to see it through her eyes; I expected that she was going to hate it. I can't say that she did, but I can say that it isn't going to be a destination for either of us. Neither of us are gamblers (unless you want to count my love of very-low-stakes home poker games). The food in Vegas, quite frankly, sucks. At least it used to be cheap, but now you don't even have that to recommend it (and it's expensive not only in the casinos but also far away from The Strip). And there's something sadly amusing about the blatant sex. Maybe it's because of my years on the road and having it shoved in my face, but something about the advertising of it basically says "if you don't get it anywhere else, at least you can get it here." And frankly, that is sad. Based on the tourists I see whenever I'm there, though, the message is hitting the target audience.
Pre-wifesy, when I was in my early 30’s and still “unmarried”, Mom suggested that I “just marry someone and then divorce him, so I can get all of the wedding gifts.”
The take-home message is this: Ticks on the ground are really cool; ticks on your pets are bad. And if you like parasitology, ticks are more fun to look at and study!
You were elected the most beautiful woman of the year by a men’s magazine, it flatters you? Not really. You know, lists like this, there are full and, generally, it elects the girl who plays in the biggest blockbuster of the year. The image of rebellious and sexy actress who sticks to your skin, it irritates you? I find it surprising because I hardly ever go out. I glue a picture of bad girl when I do really anything for that. On the contrary: I like reading, hanging out at home. I have the impression of being very boring. You still have girlfriends? I never had many friends. At school, I was not popular. I have always struggled to open up to others, although once I gave my friendship is for life. It’s sad, but now I’m surrounded by people I work with everyday. Hollywood is not the best place to make friends, anyway, I have not succeeded. They say, moreover, that you flee the crowd, and you could not live in a big city … It started after the success of Tra nsfonners. I feel like a zoo animal. As soon as I entered the room, there was always plenty of people who expected something of me, touch me, talk to me, take a picture. I felt no longer have space. It was very scary. So, you never wanted to leave Hollywood? My husband Brian was born and raised here, his whole family is there. It’s a good reason to stay. You said in interview: “The secret power of women is a powerful and confident vagina. Men are afraid of vaginas “… I vividly remember saying that. It was a metaphor to say that men are generally not comfortable with intelligent women
Now, I actually go to sleep at the same time, sack out, and wake up moments before I need to get up and I'm okay with it.
Photo of a Polish Political Prisoner patch which was worn in concentration camps to indicate the prisoner's status from warrelics.eu from the Polish Forced Labor Collection forum posted by 4thskorpion
Politicians, religions, schools, the anti gun crowd, you name it. They want to bring you for what you can give them, which is often nothing more than a feeling of power and self worth for the leaders of the group.
“Here in Pennsylvania, we have what is known as ‘two party consent.’ So they are breaking local state laws if they do put that on their phones,” Kresson said.
And with that, I bit you all goodnight. It’s a short first entry, but it will do.
Once, we had our very own form of graphic communication.
Hey y'all (in my best Paula voice) it's time to pick a winner! But first, I just wanted to thank you all for all of your sweet and encouraging words, and for those of you who donated actual dollars, THANK YOU!! It really means so much to me and my family to have your support. This has been a hell of a last two years for us, and we're are excited to see what the future holds for Kate and having this kind of support really helps!
Silverbulletday produce record:
Its just harder to see.
He knows, for having read numerous works on this subject, that according to Oriental occultists, there is apparently in Tibet a sect called the Dugpas, which is considered as a direct instrument of “demoniacal” forces of destruction. This man in the red bonnet who starts war among the insects by a vibration could therefore represent one of these Dugpas.
Annabel opens her mouth, but can't think of anything to say.
I do understand they are trying to cover everything but then when they are covering a football match what do you think the fan reaction would be if they should start talking about formula 1 as both teams were about to toss for who gets to kick the ball first, or worse still just randomly go over to the news ?
Green Chillies - 2
What it obviously isn’t – is a “civil rights” issue. If being made to show an ID in order to vote is a violation of our rights, than we are all victims. But I don’t have a problem showing ID to vote, nor do I have problem showing ID to get on a plane.
*Optional: Sequin or Rhinestone
I painted the lemon tree in with my Tombows and "Peeled Paint" Distress Ink,then placed it on popdots, to give some dimension from the back of the card. The paper is Basic Grey Sweet Pea "Double Cream" with some chocolate cardstock matting. I sponged some "Tea Dye" & "Frayed Burlap" Distress Ink, around the edges to give it an aged look. A Spellbinders Long Rectangle die was used to cut out the window. The finishing touch was some KaiserCraft "Latte Flourish" pearls.
Ferdinand Bardamu: Tally ho, chap. I say, what are you agitating about?
We still had a lot of food in the ice-box left-over from yesterday’s
A tourist once asked me if I thought Tom Jones had been influenced by a gorilla. “No,” I replied. “He was clearly influenced by the gospel, rock, folk, jazz and blues singers of his youth. But perhaps you meant to ask whether Tom Jones is genetically close to a gorilla.”
1/2 c Israeli couscous
Why didn’t the government let people who wanted to go away to live free go, if that’s what they wanted? If they wanted to leave Romania to live elsewhere, why shoot them or torture them instead of letting them leave to the Free West – especially since officials shouted how bad the western world is?
“It feels like a heart attack but oh oh oh it must be love!”
A "top" shot:
...some downtown architecture.
The Bridport Open Book Festival is the celebration of the written word that surrounds one of the most respected story and poetry competitions in the English speaking world – The Bridport Prize.
Tomorrow (May 1st) is our Special Olympics. I am so excited… it feels like Christmas! I am a big ol’ emotional baby when it comes to stuff like this. I will have my camera and will be taking loads of pictures of all the Olympians. I am hoping to post some pics (generalized un-labeled pictures) for you all to see.
of two separate bodies, one with expertise that is advisory and regulatory and the other adjudicatory’. This brilliant suggestion, in fact, has a dual effect of institutionalizing technical assistance in adjudication and at the same time ensuring judicial independence. Just like the National Litigation Policy 2010, the situation calls for an immediate reassessment of tribunalisation in India and the Government should refocus on formulating a policy rather than prolonging litigation.
Timbuktu
More realistically, I hope that this spicy twist on a Thai Massaman Curry has what it takes to blow your mind too…it certainly blew mine away when I made it for the first time and put 15 large chillies in the paste rather than 15 small ones! Still, it tasted lovely and after a few cupfuls of yoghurt my tongue returned to its former self.
The novel is also an exploration of the creative process, Anne Frank typing away in the Kugels’ attic being a metaphor, presumably, for Auslander’s struggle to write fiction, even as someone stalks the darkness outside, bent on burning down Kugel’s farmhouse. It is chock-a-block with literary references, from some very pointed and funny comments on Philip Roth’s superstar status in the literary establishment in New York, to throwaway mentions of Zelig, and Kafka’s ‘Metamorphosis’, and a whole range of final utterings by famous people.
The universe is a great place for a big party. This is because it’s large. Very large, apparently. The whole thing’s pretty groovy, in a sort of beardy “woah dude, that shit is awesome” sort of way. Add into this a whole bunch of asteroids, planets, moons, nebulae clouds, dust clouds, comets, super massive black holes, slightly smaller black holes, stars, neutron stars, binary stars, supernovae, red dwarfs, white dwarfs, seven dwarfs, galaxies, et cetera and so forth, and the party’s beginning to get started.
On the inside of my album I just made some pretty cutout frames to embellish and I used my cuttlebug to emboss the inside of each frame. The small journaling area's I did not emboss so it would be easier to write on.
In the car, on the way back, I vomit. I see her eyes in the mirror.
They're having a little crop at Scrapdango and I decided to get in on the fun. So this challenge was for their PE class. The requirements were to use an action photo, circle and something to convey motion, with extra credit for getting the word team in there somewhere.
Today it's the turn of some of the wonderful little Hatters and why don't you jump on over to the challenge blog and have a look at the fabulous samples. I am sure they will be inspiring you.
Even though the earth be removed,
could take the strain:
This is so much moonshine. No more now than in 2003 when then current project was first mooted, is this a feasible project. It remains, as always, a testament to the vain, unrealisable hopes of the coalition forces that they can bring peace and stability to Afghanistan.
34. Meeting me in another country.
What in the world are we going to do with ourselves? Riiiiight?
This course came playfully plated with two spoons, the better for us to experience all the flavors of its contents come together in one bite.
I would change the fact that deep in my core, I feel I am unlovable. My friend Christian, while he was here in Oman, hit on this during a Tarot reading, and I knew the truth of it when I heard it. It wasn’t something I consciously recognized. I don’t know why I feel this way, but I know I do and I can’t seem to change it. This belief makes relationships painful because I can never really believe the other person loves me. This is probably why I am alone.
Flash forward to 40. I've kind of forgotten that time. I haven't thought about it in a while anyway.
Here among you, my stars
Love you all, and thanks for your support.
If only – two words which should be banned from the English language.
Have you noticed anything different about my blog? Well I have just made one change for now but there will be MORE to come...I have changed the name of my blog!!! SOON I will be setting up my blog to feature cards and items that will be for sale!!! I am also thinking of getting into selling digital stamps!!! Yipppeee!
1989--Less Than Jake
On the seventh day, at the zenith of his anguish, David smashed open the cabinet containing his ancestor’s keepsakes and, carefully picking through the shards of glass, retrieved the journal. The boy was found several hours later by the stable master , rifling through the pages of the manuscript, with a look upon his face of someone who had recently discovered first-hand what genitalia were actually for. When he was brought before his Father and Mother with not a trace of shame visible they both turned a strange purple colour. Almost as a mirror image of one another, shaking bodily, lips tightly pursed with the occasional squealing expulsion of air escaping them, accompanied by something guttural and constrained that started In each of their throats and differed only slightly in pitch. Then came the roaring – a twin stream of high volume words that crashed against one another and knocked David arsewards in ecstasy. To him the cacophony was like a choir of angels, as if heaven had split the sky and emptied all the wonders of existence directly into his ears with enough force to split his skull.
Acts 1:1-3
You cannot add it.
Would you assist other with contacts etc
Will two wary hearts take a chance on love before it's too late?
Mister Man: Really?
IF you can keep your house when all about you
Social and environmental management systems (according to the complexity of the operation) must be in place so that your auditors can confirm that the business is operated in compliance with the Sustainable Environment standards (see below) and the laws of the countries it operates. Such a system could be based on the ISO 14001 which is a voluntary international standard for environmental management systems – http://www.iso.org/iso/iso_14000_essentials . As part of such a system, appropriately trained auditors are appointed either by yourselves or an external consultancy is used – see below.
We will hit 3 months on Saturday. I cannot believe it! They are sleeping from between 7:30 and 8:00 at night until about 5 am. I never thought we would hit this but we have. They are talking to us, and smiling and laughing. I am having so much fun with these babies.
Joe and I have never celebrated Christmas in our shared home, though we appreciate the heartfelt presents that find their way to the kids, and we sometimes join our larger families when they're convened for the holidays. This year we'll be on our own through December.
Add the diced onion, and fry for about 5 minutes, until the onion has softened.
please leave, this is a birthday party!'.
Sound), and jazz players Adam Lane, and Avram Fefer.
With the Weed & Polish anyway. And then it'll be time for the Final Polish and the writing of the eeevil dreaded synopsis. But, I'm not really dreading the synopsis this time around. Maybe I've learned a thing or two after all.
Here is the before.
Donations will be accepted at Bridge Cleaners & Tailors located at 204 Livingston Street, along with other locations around Brooklyn, including the office of Council Member Letitia James - located at 67 Hanson Place at the corner of South Elliott Place.
The calculation of damages using the licence analogy method has become somewhat unfashionable in Germany as the calculation of damages using the infringer’s profit is usually considered to give more favourable results for the patentee. This holds in particular since the possibilities of the infringer to deduce overhead costs have been limited strongly by the Federal Supreme Court (BGH) in the decision “Gemeinkostenanteil”.
Nilsson R, Björdal C, Andersson M, Björdal J, Nyberg A, Welin B, Willman A. Health risks and occupational exposure to volatile anaesthetics - a review with a systematic approach. Journal of Clinical Nursing 2005; 14: 173-186.
He turned into the rest stop that the roadside signs had been announcing for the last ten miles. He pulled in between the painted parking lines in front of a convenience establishment. Of special interest were the flashing neon letters spelling out "fresh-brewed coffee."
can't quite keep up with more than 140 band members.)
Yes, the developer must start on the arena block as a whole to build the housing towers that would ring the arena. However, delay may be a silver lining for the housing component of Atlantic Yards. The city and state don’t have nearly enough capacity to allocate bonds for affordable housing projects, an issue highlighted last November by the Independent Budget Office.
I have a couple of books to choose from but I'm undecided yet because of Shine by Jeri Smith-Ready. Those of you who know me knows that I love love love the Shade Series so I'm waiting my chance to jump into Shine asap.
Uh-oh …
Two possessed men recognize Jesus.
Blast fat during set breaks. "I think up a move of the day and do it for one minute between each set," says Blahnik. "Explosive, plyometric moves such as jump squats or side leaps or jumping rope boost your heart rate, burn a few extra calories a minute and firm your lower body." You can burn up to about 100 extra calories a session.
Cooking time about one hour and forty-five minutes, depending on oven temperature accuracy and size of the turkey breast. The size of this split-turkey breast is 2.58 ounces and will serve six to eight people if serving about 4 ounces per person. (or cook and freeze small portions for fewer numbers of people eating.)
The hard part,
*Mix well
Am I also to believe that my husband and I will be together, forever and ever from now on? Can I now stop looking over my shoulder for any signs of trouble and just let out this huge breath of relief? So many have gone through this but some of them falter and decided to leave each other, and some even became happier from it. I’m not saying I have doubts about our marriage and want to leave him but sometimes, when the sadness is just too much or when I get too tired of thinking about this day after day; I do feel that we should have just split up. We can possibly end up becoming even happier people and most importantly not feel threatened by any other betrayals. That would be easier wouldn’t it? It does sound like I have given up and ready to take the easy way out. Sometimes, I wonder if my husband has truly forgotten that wretched woman. My fellow blogger friend, Not Over It and I knows the importance of “loving me with all your heart”. Sigh. I guess this really all boils down to Fear. Maybe I am just protecting myself from getting seriously hurt by refusing to believe in those things anymore. The damn Affair has not only robbed me of those Fantasies but has given me a Nightmare instead.
37. Dream Cruise
Above all, this is a wonderful mystery with a puzzle at its heart. It's full of history, friendship, intrigue and heart. Check out The Danger Box. I think it'll steal your heart like it did mine.
(my nickname… short for Kylie)
Nevertheless the proffie continues with his lies and distortions by saying “The most important provision of the Act stated that Africans could no longer buy, lease, or in any other manner acquire land outside a scheduled area, except by acquiring that land from another African, and Europeans were prohibited from buying or leasing land from an African.”
A Christmas Wish ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
1-11-2011
heat, stirring constantly until dark roux (not burnt) forms. Add onions,
Holmes argues that in meeting the power at work in Christ, one encounters God’s knowing and willing – the grain of the universe, to use a phrase popularised by Hauerwas. Power, Holmes insists, is never to be isolated from a determination – namely, that of peace with God himself. It is precisely this determination which is the reality-indication ingredient in the person of Christ. What Scripture testifies to is that this determination is an omnipotent determination which withstands the world’s rebellion. So Holmes:
At the weekend, amid all the TV and radio reports from Libya and the non-reports about what is happening in Algeria, Bahrain, Jordan and Yemen, there was a tiny news item about trouble in Oman. This reminded me about one of the most interesting people I never met. He was a man you don’t meet every day.
rarely, if ever, need to bring a claim for indirect infringement.
There are times now when I still get angry about it.
As far as a logo design…do you all think I should have a logo with a drawing of a little girl in it? Should I just keep it simple with some pretty writing and a little design….or maybe add a sewing machine or some scissors so everyone knows this is a quilting blog?
Hillary Clinton burst out laughing the other day when a scantily clad fellow bearing a torch streaked behind her and Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang as they were posing for photos together in Hawaii. Her reaction is priceless -- an utterly spontaneous hearty guffaw, complete with a delighted clapping of hands. Ah, Madame Secretary, we still carry a torch for you. Thanks for lightening up a dull, gray, overloaded Thursday.
- Catherine
me limbering up, seeking greater flexibility
Well, I'm guessing that this little beauty loved the humidity because it started blooming yesterday morning and today there are four more plate size blooms.
I will let it be gritty.
- Add the slug of brandy to the biscuits and allow to soak for 10 minutes
The above is what I read on the net more then a year ago..
What lesson can we learn from this week’s events? Don’t underestimate the CNRDRE leaders, who have shown more political cunning than many of us initially gave them credit for. They know how to use power to achieve their aims without overplaying their hand. In light of the junta’s keen survival instincts, it will prove difficult to isolate, marginalize or weaken Sanogo and his followers in the weeks to come.
Short Version
But why be so negative you might ask? Here are a few things Obama did manage to do. He extended unemployment benefits because they’re no jobs as his stimulus package was too small. He also managed to cut payroll taxes, which is a back door way to defund Social Security, He helped cover up the BP oil spill in the Gulf by allowing Corexit, a toxic disbursement not allowed in other countries, to break up the oil which then dropped to the bottom instead of just cleaning it up. In other words, allowing them to hide the body.
For single Catholic men between 18 and 35 years of age (under 18 please contact us).
that was sweet;
We never found out what the motorcyclist had done or if he was ever caught, but it enlivened our morning.
SanJAsKa: Indeed dear one. You have all now entered the most difficult testing period of your ‘time’. You are now being faced with a clear choice dear one. Many of you are now at the stage where you must choose, once and for all, if you wish to ascend to the heavenly realms and give up your attachments to 3D, or if you wish to stay in 3D with all of the material things it has to offer that you still find attractive. This is the most difficult period, and this is why we did in fact wish to be with you at this time. However, we know that many of you have taken over so to speak, and are doing much of the energetic and spiritual work yourselves. This is why we have felt comfortable with letting you all see your personal ascensions, rather than us explaining everything to you.
Last Seen: Suffering from enormous stress
Ghost 2: I don’t know dude. I just had the weirdest thing happen to me.
The modern human is dominated by a Stone Age brain
With that I did my duty and braved Target and Old Navy for gifts for my child who assembled a wonderfully moderate list for Santa aka "me" to obtain. My twin sister Donna is in town, so Auntie Santa brought a few things to augment the offerings of Mama Santa.
He says he was a punk back then. He is still something of a punk. A rival once stood up at a meeting and joked that he’d always thought that the Tib in Tibco stood for “that Indian bastard.” Ranadivé built a house a few years ago with a swimming pool that has an underground window, so from the basement bar you can look in and see people swimming. He yanks his employees out of meetings to challenge them to push-up contests in the hall. He once called Steve Jobs to ask him how to use Photoshop. At a dinner in New York one rainy night a few months ago, after speaking to a bunch of M.B.A.’s, he ordered the most expensive steak on the menu as an appetizer for the employees who were traveling with him. And listen to him in an interview in 2009, talking about his competition: “There are not that many people who can say that they have gone head-on against IBM and beaten them in a situation where IBM has thrown everything and the kitchen sink at a problem and lost.”
c) link to them
'I Hate..." on top in biro, but he must have liked them
However, we did change a few things this time, the main being the use of potty's.
Put differently, truth is that which inevitably contradicts itself. Perhaps that is what is borne out by my story in the end. That is why, instead of the truth, I offer you a greater consolation: a dream.
And so, twenty…er.. something years after we first met and house shared at university, George Dean and I have set up our dance theatre company AnaMorphic. When George came and helped to direct my solo Dead Man Dancing earlier in the year it was so evident that we should continue working with each other. given that we are both at crossroads in our lives (career wise) it was also clear that this should become a major, energy consuming project. So far we have spent an awful lot of our energy on our company name. I hope that you like it.
Seriously. If there is one word that makes me despair for the human race, it is the word neo-liberalism.
Grow leadership skills
*This is where I would insert a cute picture of us, but because my picasa is full and they want more money for more storage and I haven't gone back and deleted old pictures, you get this very long run on sentence!
Before I jump into our story, I wanted to let you know why I have been so quiet lately... actually, for the past two months. Our computer has finally given out (after almost a decade of loyal service!) We have been pulling the money together (seriously... after property taxes on December 10th and Christmas, is there anything left!?) :-) It looks like Santa will be bringing us a new computer for Christmas and I will get right back to my normal posting... lots of fun layouts, projects, product reviews and family stuff. Thanks for hanging in there during my absence!!!
The final straw for Gary was when his boss decided to lay off all the workers that Gary had employed for her and it was down to him to do it. He resigned, we moved out and all we could afford to rent was a bedsit in Guildford town centre. It was miserable. A tiny room in the attic of a tall building with shared bathroom. We had no money, but we did have each other and that’s what kept us going. In the end we decided to admit defeat. It felt that no matter what we did things kept going wrong and so we decided to move back to Kent and try a
A&E has partnered with several leading federal agencies and non-profit organizations to develop The Recovery Project, including the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA); NCADD; Faces & Voices of Recovery and the Partnership for a Drug-Free America (PDFA).
Well right now I live in Germany before that was Texas before that I did a stint in salt lake city and soon we are going back to a new part of texas. My husband was either in these far away lands with me or in Iraq or Afghanistan and we wanted to be able to let our families know that we are alive and kicking
So one day while browsing one of my favorite stores, I found a roll of wrapping paper that I knew would be perfect for my drawers.
Everything had seemed so dull
Week 12 Off Centre
Praise the LORD, I tell myself,
If Talk Be Bothersome To Ye...
“We have destroyed and killed them and the last statistics affirm that 1,200 soldiers of the enemy were killed. We have also confiscated great amounts of military equipment, trucks, weapons and ammunition,” he told reporters.
I keep you in mind
Sat, 9:32pm: U! S! A! U! S! A! Looking good!
In the end I figured out that I never had to search for my idea of "God" very far at all. I came to the conclusion that what we all are searching for on the outside and beyond is actually very close to us....so close that it obscures our vision.
So I got 12 inches of each
If you find that lyric very familiar it’s probably due to one very popular TV series — Cheers! Every Thursday night on American TV, from 1982 to 1993, NBC’s Cheers would begin with those words melodiously streaming from your television set right to your ears and I’ll bet you probably even sang along, if you watched regularly enough.
The rest, essentially, is mayhem and survival. Slowly, one by one, the survivors are picked off and devoured by the slow-moving, encircling horde of living dead. Night of the Living Dead is known for being relentless and brutal and for having one of the most famous downer endings in existence. It’s a grueling film start to finish, and it doesn’t let up at the end.
The movie A Prairie Home Companion (with Kevin Klein, Linsday Lohan, and Meryl Streep!) is funny, whimsical, and a bit odd. The movie (surprise surprise) is about a live radio variety show (of the same name) that is about to close and the characters that Keillor uses in the real-life show are real people in the film’s radio show (if that makes sense).
(fangs/doubts)
"The Purple of the Balkan Kings" is a story seemingly about a great player in Balkan politics, exiled for now, waiting to return to his throne. Saki likes to write about government officials and royalty. The ending is pretty good.
Cordless electric mowers are a very good choice for your lawn care wants for several factors. Everyone today is extra environmentally conscious and are actively discovering methods to lower their footprint on the environment. Since electric mowers don’t run on gasoline you don’t have the exhaust output of classic mowers.
As such, I have returned my site to the normal colors and removed the protest ribbon that was going to stay up until next week when the vote on PIPA was scheduled. This does not mean the threat is over, the bills still exist and both the Congress and Senate intend to revisit these bills in some form. The industries behind these bills, the MPAA, RIAA, big pharmacy, and others will not quit their fight for this legislation.
Strong leaders are therefore open to constructive feedback because they now at the end of the day, it’s not about them, it’s about the company and they never want to become the bottleneck for its sustainable success.
10 Frank Murder - Bata
If we hadn't cleaned them, our bare feet would be walking on all that dirt and grime (and not just our dirt and grime, OTHER people's dirt and grime, double ew.). And not only that, our little girl could eventually be crawling all over it. Come on now, that's just wrong. So please, rent a carpet cleaner from Kroger or whereever you can in your region and do the carpets. You'll feel better if you do.
"Similes. They are like metaphors."
Yeehaw! Back to the Studio folks! Suitibly situated for text typing, and talk talkin’! Summer has been making me a dancin fool, and hopefully today’s spins gets your feet tappin’!
I could get really technical and describe the interaction of the characters in your plot to be like the threads of execution that occur in a computer operating system, but I'm afraid that unless you are a software engineer, that doesn't really help.
There are multiple parts to this series on the Thoroughbreds for All Event by Stacey, so stay tuned! Below are the first two parts.
This forces schools to accommodate even those children with often very serious mental disabilities to enter mainstream public schools. Most of the former schools that were able to accommodate these students with specialised teachers and training, were however shut down, due “a lack of funding” and their specialised teachers sacked. LSEN-funding dropped
The code is straight forward if someone need in deep understanding then do comment on the post
SWEET GREEN BEAN SOUP
so last night at 2:30 in the morning my brain wouldn't let me sleep. I seem to have insomnia of sorts lately or maybe its insomnia of the brain. It took everything in me not to login to blogger and let out a thousand thoughts. I just kept hearing my mom and her damn 24 hour rule, you know wait 24 hours before you send the awful email, pissed off text, etc. I am not even mad at anyone in particular just people in general. My dad for not being a dad and then dying. A friend for not seeing who I really am. Others, who seem to have judgement on everything I do yet spend very little time in my life. I get up and I get dressed just like everyone else. I do my best not to pass judgement on others in my life. Maybe I should do a better job at not passing judgement period. Maybe this is my karma, my payback. Its funny last night and for most of the day yesterday I kept hearing words in my head. Words that have been said to me over the past month from so called friends and my family. Its allot to take in sometimes, every ones thoughts and opinions on your life.
Yes!! Nothing like hearing some good gossip (or common-interest discussion)! Housebound as I am, it's amazing what things I don't get to see and hear, especially on the local scene.
Needless to say I didn’t receive a “Best Girlfriend Ever” mug that year.
The question of whether Cate should be more to the fore was one I struggled with, and in earlier drafts she is much more present. I removed these sections as I felt Alice – and Smith – had such strong storylines and I was worried about distracting the reader. Maybe I was too heavy handed with my removals?
For the card I just cut a couple strips of patterned paper and attached them to the front of the card. I stamped the mixer on the card and on a piece of patterned paper, then cut it out and attached it to the card with pop dots. I stamped the sentiment on the bottom (unfortunately I smeared it a bit). Then I added some machine stitching and attached the whole thing to a red cardstock base.
1 brook
Sorry, I don’t do spoilers.
1 tsp. Eden Foods sesame shake, or chopped sesame seeds (I just used 1 tsp. sesame seeds – who wants to chop sesame seeds??)
Two-row (US) 2.000lb Grain 11.1%
Are you suffering from sweaty palms? Is your personal and professional life being tampered due to this illness? I am writing this article as a relief for those who are victims of excessive sweating.
Or do enjoy the new perspective?
I'm aware that time is passing by much too quickly, and I feel like I'm not 100% totally here as a mother & wife, if you know what I mean. It's not a good thing. I need to be here for my kids & husband. Not just physically, but mentally & emotionally. I need to be 100% here.
"I don't know mate. I think she might be dying."
Without giving too much away, Jon Hewitt’s ‘X’ is a thriller set in the world of prostitution in Sydney’s red-light district, Kings Cross. The story takes place over the course of one night and follows two sex workers, Shay and Holly, one attempting to leave the sex industry as the other is entering it. Their paths cross for one job, and in an instant both their lives are changed forever.
While the rest of Austin was in the throws of South by Southwest, I had the pleasure experiencing America’s health care in action instead. Insanely, I caught pneumonia and ended up in the hospital for a couple (six) days. I’m well on my way to better thanks to some powerful antibiotics, but here’s what I learned during my sick-vacation:
ICEA Announces The Publication of The ICEA Guide to Pregnancy and Birth
Wind protection
Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Carefully lay half of the patties in the skillet and cook 4-5 minutes on each side. Transfer the cooked burgers to a plate, tent with foil, and repeat with the remaining oil and bean patties. Serve warm.
Among other things, Mr. Abdul-Jalil said Shariah would be the "basic source" of all legislation. Translation: Forget about representative democracy. Under Shariah, Allah - not man - makes the laws.
2 tbl butter
This week we are sponsored by the lovely Stampotique, and I used the image Carols Flower.
According to branding expert Ron Strauss who with Bill Neal co-wrote the book Value Creation: The Power of Brand Equity and who recently spoke at the October Reno-Tahoe American Marketing Association luncheon, 83% of a company’s market value today is represented by their intangible assets (brands, quality processes, relationships, etc.) compared to 1975, when it stood at only 17%. Part of this shift in value from tangible to intangible can be traced to the information age: we’ve become less dependent on tangible, industrialized goods and more desirous of products and services that we can trust and that make us feel good. According to Strauss, building brand equity is the key component for driving sustainable and profitable growth:
San Francisco Bay Area, CA
Anyway, this anger may be misplaced, and you might be reading this thinking that I’m whining and that these people don’t mean any harm. Its true, I am whining. And I know my parents and doctor don’t mean to make me angry, but they did. Like I said, I don’t like people telling me what to do and making it seem like they think my dreams are hopeless and/or worthless.
Acceptance – I can’t even see myself accepting what I’ve done as being appropriate so we’ll see how that works out.
Off late I get high when I talk to him. The same HAPPY IN MY SENSES HIGH. Like always, like nothing's ever changed.
May 2 – Aug. 27, 2011
I didn't want to disappear without saying howdy, and also to let you know that I am typing this post on probably one of the most ancient laptops that still works. It's my dad's, and we actually have to preheat it, like a toaster oven, for about 10 minutes before we can use it. My mom says, "Sid, go preheat the computer so Julie can send an email to her friends!"
AMERICAN WOMEN CHILDREN'S ILLUSTRATORS collection
The nice people at Tiny Prints are offering the chance to win the grand prize of $1,000 cash, plus a $500 Tiny Prints gift certificate! Sweet, right? And just in time for the holidays :)
WHERE: Grand County Administration Building, 308 Byers Ave., Hot Sulphur Springs, CO 80451
g) Almost done! Cut the other end (opposite of the seam you just made)...you can decide how long you want your baggie to be...I cut mine at 6 1/2 inches so that my finished baggie would be 6 inches long (with 1/4 seam allowances on either side). Line up these edges and sew seam shut! Voila..your lovely little inside out baggie!
ND - Yeah, I think so. The whole financial fair play area is a very new area. I mean it’s something that UEFA have been pushing for a couple of years but it wasn’t that many years ago that clubs could go into administration in Scotland or in England and not suffer any points deductions. It was accepted that clubs could do that if they wished to shed debt. We then moved to a situation where clubs going into administration got a points deduction, ten in the SPL, it used to be nine in the English league and we are now confronting what happens, how you deal with a club, in the event that they can’t agree a CVA and that’s the whole debate around newco.
How about that for inspiration!
Saif’s acting is considerably intellectual in the movie and he quite looks the sassy agent part but Kareena’s attempt at playing the sexy-counterpart failed miserable and she was a tad bit painfully irritating in some of the scenes. Other characters play their part convincingly well, for instance the money-launderer Ram Bade-Acchey-Lagtey-Hai Kapoor does a fine job and Adil Hussain, Prem Chopra, Gulshan Grover has all contributed their bit in uplifting the movie.
I’m going to talk about something a bit more serious than my recent posts. Something very controversial, especially in the church. Something that people tip-toe on egg shells around.
A few months back, I posted this blog post about a different inflatable car seat. After posting, I received a comment from The Car Seat Lady, and she left me some very informative information. After reviewing her information, I learned that I had made a poor choice in car seats for my sweet kids. I'm very grateful to have been properly informed and I was able to switch to a much safer, easier car seat.
Since I was out of town during the weekend of Virtual Scrapbook Night at Split Coast Stampers, I didn't get to participate in any of the challenges except the one I hosted, but now that I'm back at home, I'm trying to use them for some scrapping inspiration. This layout was inspired by Michele's Childhood Games challenge based on the game Leapfrog. We needed to use a favorite game from childhood for inspiration ( I chose Scrabble), use a minimum of 3 photos (because Leapfrog wasn’t a single player game and it wasn’t as much fun with just two people), and to tell what game inspired us (Scrabble, of course). My sister was such a good sport posing for these pictures, and now she's got me hooked on Scrabble again!
On the back of a whisper.
P.S. The origami cranes are my little idea and a trace of me.
- She has been told to write "favourable" reviews when the publication is keen to score an exclusive interview with a famous author. Bad review, no interview, ever!
21. The Universe Is A Haunted House (drip drop)
We are taking orders until 5:00pm Dec. 21st,
Bukowski often spoke of Los Angeles as his favorite subject. In a 1974 interview he said, ‘You live in a town all your life, and you get to know every bitch on the street corner and half of them you have already messed around with. You’ve got the layout of the whole land. You have a picture of where you are…. Since I was raised in L.A., I’ve always had the geographical and spiritual feeling of being here. I’ve had time to learn this city. I can’t see any other place than L.A.’
*Unconditonal love
On my trip to Chicago for Labor Day weekend, I wasn't missing the Grand Army Plaza Greenmarket for long: my Chicago friends took me to the Green City Market at the south end of Lincoln Park, right near the Lincoln Park Zoo. Though we didn't buy anything since we were going to be out all day, I thought I'd share some photos of the market.
Now... let me backtrack to two days ago when Paul and I learned that Ethan had peed in the garbage can in the laundry room - where we put all the lint, candy bar wrappers, and other stuff we find in pockets...
Simultaneous conversation:
Then he smiled and said, 'Will all those who stood up
Have a fun week.
Oyster lovers can check out Oyster Food Fair at CHAYA Venice through March 3rd.
I had forgotten the depth of that vibration as it resonates in my chest, suffusing my body with a deep sense of calm. I swing onto your neat little back and we take off, blowing the winter cobwebs from us both. We take in all our favourite countryside routes, getting to know the curves and contours ready for another year. You’re silent again, just for a moment, when we stop to appreciate the brand new signs of spring.
May 03 1:52 AM
This was a revisit for me, just to give them all another look before they travel on to Compton Verney. The exhibition comprised half a dozen large oil paintings, from all stages of his career, and several small sketches, putting the larger works into context.The sketches were done using a variety of media and supports, including chalk, graphite, watercolour and oil, some varnished, on paper, board and canvas. Quite a varied use of media.
by Stu Ffandt Hings
Todays breads are challah (one with raisins), 10-grain, potato sour cream, cinnamon raisin swirl and fresh apple walnut. (two each). Then I will whip up some sweet dough for monkey bread, stuffed breakfast buns and…I don’t know, something else. One batch of sweet dough usually gets me 3 types of pastries. I make the dough the night before, put it into a large baggie and store it in the refrigerator. The next morning I pull it out and cut it into three parts. Easy-breezy. Would you like a recipe? Which one? How about the easiest, the cinnamon swirl bread. I use the bread machine to mix the dough. You can use that too, or a standing mixer or your wooden spoon in a bowl. Whatever you have available. I think I can do this one by heart, here goes…
The end result: a collection of breathtaking “‘Nuff Said” issues! It’s almost as if Mr. Jemas and Mr. Quesada knew in advance that their high-pressure challenge would compel the creators in question to produce these comic-book gems. But that couldn’t have happened…could it?
HAPPYKAT: Meow and thank you. I shall be hanging this in the Pussy Cave.
- Here some money. We go fax yer car. Then you drive me a couple places.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
At my school, after studying Pioneer times, 2nd grade has a day where they celebrate the Pioneer life of long ago. The children are dressed in period costumes and have fun experiencing Pioneer times. One of our grandmothers dresses the part and tells "stories" of her travels West. After her stories, she plays her autoharp and the children dance. This is Jules dancing with one of our parent volunteers. I don't have favorite students, instead I have a whole school (250 students) of favorites. Jules is special, she loves art and I love her!
P.S. I'm almost done Nathanael's birth story. Just want to add a couple of pictures yet.
No answer.
Sometimes I'll be thinking, and a thought will cross my mind that I feel like can only come from God. It's the closest I can relate to people saying that they hear God speak to them. I can't say that I feel like I've ever heard God speak to me in an audible voice, but this seems to come really close. Today when I was leaving the gym, the words just came to mind: "I want to be your source." It kind of stopped me in my tracks and I was not sure where it even came from. But instantly, I felt peace. After a hectic and uneasy (and basically miserable) first day at school, that feeling of peace was overwhelming.
are calling from
But after hours of searching all I found was these videos of any altercation ever happening with members of the Islamic community and the EDL:
Dr. Logan placed the sheet of paper down
The other week I was reading Adam Beale’s fab blog ‘Five against one‘ rather than doing what I was supposed to be doing and yet again I found myself chastising myself for not going to #eltchat anymore (it’s actually the fault of doing CELTA at the times that the chat is held rather than of my own choosing), since Adam had blogged a summary of the latest chat, that just happened to be on one of my pet topics and favourite ways of teaching – guided discovery.
Last night at the craft club we had templates to work from and I believe that Papermania make kits with pre-scored pieces of card stock for you to make this style of card, however I have found a video tutorial on Youtube here if you would like to have a go at making one yourself - enjoy!
Of course, if you take the tobacco company approach to the alcohol industry, of running a cash cow in a slowly declining market, minimum pricing makes a lot of sense, as it protects your margins and eliminates most price competition. But it is not in the interest of consumers.
The 101: spray paint can transform and update just about any furniture or accessory and keep your redecorating costs to a minimum. Look in the garage, storage closet and kitchen cupboards for items you don’t need or use every day which could be re-imagined in your child’s space. Usually pushing furniture up against the wall is a decorating no-no, but making sure that a child is comfortable and has enough space to spread out and play with a friend is more important than aesthetics. Hit up dollar stores, clearance bins, second hand shops and grandma’s house …not only will it save you money but you won’t feel too badly when your child decides she longer likes pink!
sank to the seabed, since this condition is stable until the situation is now, already
Saturday we go for the 4D ultrasound, which we’ll go to as a family. Gavin and Greta are excited to see their little sister. They realize she might not be with us long, but they love her none the less. They hug my belly and say goodbye to her before heading off to the bus stop, and pat my belly “hello” as soon as they get home. It’s sweet to have Nora included as a part of the family.
Yikes!!!
C. How Does JJS Compare to DFW?
Oh, and how's this for an advertisement photo to colleagues:
While they may not be aware of what they are doing, only few actually realize this situation. We are now in a country of change-up between roles of two primal elements of the society.
EVALUATION:
In one year in office he has learned nothing or, if he has, the lessons have been dismissed as irrelevant to his mission of “transforming” a nation that is far more focused on just surviving the worst Recession/Depression since the 1930s.
Most drinking establishments in the area are either unintimidating dive bars or sterile sports bars. There isn’t much to distinguish between one place and the next.
At least it looks like the weather’s going to be pleasant for this one, right?
5. All evidence must be given by at least two witnesses who are permitted no contact with each other and who are examined separately.
Mazarura and Guzha went to Chief Nyajinha of Uzumba and to Mhondoro Nyakunam. of Tsokoto(1) for lands for their sons. Mhondoro Nyakunama agreed and he gave Guzha a part of his country to the south of Muchinjike Hill between Muhume, Nyaguwe and Nyapfuta rivers. Chief Nyajinha agreed. He gave a part of his country to Mazarura from Muhume river to Mayema Hill.
for about 3 seconds, i contemplated saying no!
We're so happy you could join us for this super-fun hop showcasing cards, layouts and projects for Back To School!! You'll find an array of ideas throughout the hop -- From teacher gifts to lunchbox notes, we hope you'll enjoy each and every project along the way!!
"Don't ye be trusting fecking Thatcher now!"
“It made me look at him differently,” she said.
The council says it seeks stories “that illustrate current realities or the promise of reform, especially those that help people understand the complex issues surrounding the nation’s social systems.” Council president Alexander Busansky said, “With the national dialogue on the Trayvon Martin case, we have all witnessed the power of the media to shine a light on issues of justice.” He added that the PASS awards “recognize those who skillfully bring home to us the critical issues that affect justice and safety in our nation.” Click on the link to see the list of award winners.
Then it was off to visit the petting zoo. The kids all enjoyed playing with the animals. Khloe wasn't nearly as skeptical this year. In fact, she was a little TOO brave at times! The little goats were my favorite. There are so small and sweet. Except for the three that gave literal meaning to the phrase "butting heads!" LOL!! :)
where all who had ships at sea
Virginia State Police troopers’ duties to check on registered sex offenders could be shifted to unarmed civilians under a little-noticed provision in the two-year state budget pending before the General Assembly, reports the Virginian-Pilot. Tucked into the $85 billion spending blueprint is Gov. Bob McDonnell’s proposal to hire 43 “non-sworn” personnel to monitor people “required to comply with the requirements of the Sex Offender Registry.” Under the current system, troopers and state parole and probation officers conduct semi-annual residence and employment status checks on thousands of registered offenders.
Among the many was a slave named Onesimus and for this I am reading Philemon 10 & 11.
I haven’t stood still since that Friday night, at 6.20pm. I have been busy doing nothing, busy going back to work, busy being sad, busy being happy, busy being busy. Because if I stopped to stand still I might realise just how empty this friendship has been for a very long time.
It’s not your typical seasonal ale and I definitely don’t think it represents Winter; maybe Autumn. It’s really nice to be surprised by the labeling which originally gave me the impression that it would be a sickly sweet dessert beer. It is subtle, sweet but not too sweet and was a very nice beer, if I do say so myself. I put of swig of it in my Shepherds pie and drunk the rest. If this sounds like the beer for you, get in there quick as it won’t be around after early February.
The Shelter of His Arms is the first emotion-driven romance in the Passionate Hearts Novelette series.
Thank goodness for general anaesthesia.
The voters’ rejection of the BN, like in Kedah, was in a way due to the mistakes made by the coalition, Najib said during a day-long visit to the state.
The man raised his hand and nodded in acknowledgment and confirmation, took the bags, found a cab, loaded them in the trunk and waited. Jorrie headed back towards the ticket counter and baggage check area and started waiting, to make his move.
First, some practical exposure. I traipsed home with a six-pack of "New Grist" gluten-free beer from Lakefront Brewery (http://www.newgrist.com/). This beer won a gold ribbon in the Experimental Beer category at the 2006 Great American Beer Festival, so I thought it stood a good chance of being at least representative of what one might expect from a good gluten-free beer. (And yes, it is considered beer, which is the general label applied to any non-distilled alcoholic beverage that is made from malted grain.)
While investigating the stabbing of McCall, police learned he had violated his probation in the robbery conviction and arrested him again, Murray said.
- Keep close to family and friends. Restore your daily routine. Do the external things necessary to fit into the rhythm of everyday life.
And now I know why I feel a kinship with flamenco which is described thus:
Lisa Umina founded Halo Publishing, which helps up and coming authors get their books published. She explains how Halo Publishing was born, and offers words of encouragement to aspiring authors. www.halopublishing.com/
Whilst compiling my recent post regarding the new breweries that have commenced operations in West Kent during the past two years I was struck by the thought can they all survive? They all seem to be reporting a steady growth in sales, which is obviously good news, but with beer sales declining generally, and falling off quite dramatically in the pub trade, are they all chasing a declining market? Where are these extra sales coming from? If beer sales in the on-trade are declining as much as we are led to believe, this sales growth can only be coming at someone else's expense! The question is who's?
What to do
We have really enjoyed having Dad around during this never-t0-be-had-again uncommitted time between work and school. We try to fill it with fun and memorable events, like...the zoo! (And not one, but TWO graduations...we'll post in it soon.)
....including five or six Wedding Present live cassettes purchased at a garage sale a number of years ago when a friend of mine went minimalist (thanks Karl!).
My answer to that, and probably yours, would be: time enough for reconciliation when these people stop robbing us blind and mend their ways. As long as they carry on exactly as before, there is not the smallest reason to stop kicking them.
A few minutes later, she saw him being led away by a woman in her 40s towards a van. When confronted, the woman said it is a case of ‘mistaken identity’ and walked away as if nothing happened.
Miniature special effects master Derek Meddings works on the set of Superman 2, preparing the miniature Metropolis city street for the scene of the battle with the Kryptonians.
So Bacon needed our help, and we were there for it. After the email from J and D’s I immediately emailed Kroger and asked them to keep Bacon popcorn on their shelves… this is the answer I recieved… Well played Kroger…well played!
Needless to say Nanny disapproves of this, Nanny's advice states that alcohol should never be given to children below the age of 15.
perpetually arousing,
Extra butter for glaze
Karlsson’s Brewing, Sandy, OR
Anything, jewelry, clothes, a painting, even a big 'ole mess.
Side effects are nausea, an unpleasant feeling of fullness, and possibly an increased risk of pancreatitis. Because the drugs are not exact replicas of human GLP-1 there is also the possibility of the body's immune system generating antibodies which reduce its effectiveness. Future development work is taking place around reducing the number of injections by producing a longer-acting version, and slow release via an implantable device.
The questions asked on iPads I feel less enthusiastic about. Any visit to a museum sparks dozens of questions in my own mind that I’d rather discuss; though obviously germane to the displays, whether pets are preferable to wild animals isn’t really something I have an opinion about. I almost certainly fall into the category of over-involved as far as museums are concerned, though; and a good question can definitely be a spur to an interesting conversation.
“”Father, I want those you have given me to be with me where I am, and to see my glory, the glory you have given me because you loved me before the creation of the world.” (John 17:24 NIV)
I.e., had Claire shown up with reinforcements in the nick of time and saved him before he'd been put through such pain and suffering....well, then it would have been a nice, heart-warming story in which Hero and Heroine conquer evil and ride off into the sunset together. But it wouldn't have half the power of a story in which Jamie and Claire _truly_ conquer _real_ evil, and thus show what real love is. Real love has real costs--and they're worth it.
When stars have been earned, your child can pick from the default list of suggested rewards, or you can setup your own custom rewards especially tailored for each of your children, like “$2 Pocket Money” or “One Hour Of TV”.
(3) Charles Smith IV
The people in low income countries, according to Lagarde and Okonjo-Iweala, want to see an end to the corrupt financial havens that allow corrupt officials to steal public money and stash it abroad. They submitted that the impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated: ‘Abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable’. They added that there is the urgent need to foster openness and transparency in financial transactions and to ensure accountability at the global level.
I managed to find the spell Levitate for Thrall in Kelethin. I had been unable to find it in Freeport and we are a long way from Qeynos. The vendors in Kelethin also seemed to be much more favorably disposed towards Tistann and Thrall compared to the reception in Kaladim.
In the past few years, however, once-sold rights have become extremely valuable--to authors, who can tap into the rising enthusiasm for ebooks by self-publishing their backlists; and also to publishers, which are eager to digitally exploit the long tail of their rights catalogs. The reversion clause in a life-of-copyright contract is more vital than ever--and it is equally vital that it be precise.
At the end of the tour several species of raptors were flying around the boat so Wendy threw some food in the air to get them to fly close to the boat. It was a very interesting and entertaining tour, and we learned a lot about saltwater crocs.
1. I was named after a man, Abbie Hoffman. He was a political activist and author whom the FBI admitted to having a file on him 13,262 pages long. My parents had high expectations for me. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbie_Hoffman#cite_note-26
He is doing so many things in and through my broken life. He is moving in so many ways through the body of Christ all over the earth. His Name is being lifted up...the gospel is being preached...people are living for Him...sacrificially. But what excites me, draws me to my knees is that He chooses to live through ME...sinful, selfish ME! He has given me the boldness to declare His Name, His Truth, His goodness to the lost and the found. He has called and sent me to care for the orphan, the widow, the poor and the oppressed and allowed me to experience His joy as I obey. He has given me the strength to rise above myself and allow wanderer after wanderer to live in our home. Now, I can easily rejoice when I see others doing this...but for me, I know myself...my pride, the wickedness I am constantly fighting against in my own heart.
Rather than tell a person I love them I prefer to pull their hair. Or tease them. Or run around like a screaming banshee. Attractive right?
"Why should we care?" I hear you ask, and as always I have no reasonable reply, except to say that the B-side "Music Soothes The Savage Breast" is an unusual piece of orchestral popsike, and should be given a chance - unlike The Spectrum generally who, it has to be said, leave me somewhat cold with their other singles, although there are plenty of folk online happy to defend them.
Come play along with the Viva la Verve Sketches! There's always a chance to win some Verve! There is also a SALE going on right now! Check out the details of the Wishing For Spring SALE!! Thanks for stopping by and have a GREAT day!
We are extremely proud to say that we are now 250+ members strong, and are closer than ever before in reaching our goal of opening Black Star Co-op. Our Craft Beer Celebration on April 20 was very successful and we gained over 50 members that night, plus at least ten more online that weekend. Thank you all for showing up, bringing friends, joining (if you hadn't already), and supporting Black Star Co-op! Check out www.blackstar.coop for more information about us.
And even though stories provide you with the basics and the foundation, each unfolding story is unique to each reader. We get to fill in the blanks with our own interpretation. While your Mr. Darcy might be similar to mine, they are still different.
The poem, written by William Blake (1757-1827) was later set to music by Sir Hubert Parry and Sir Edward Elgar. During the 1920s, many WI’s started choirs and the National Federation of Women’s Institutes set up a music committee, appointing a Mr Leslie as an advisor. Mr Leslie held a one-day school for village conductors in London in early 1924 and asked his friend, Sir Walford Davies to write an arrangement of Hubert Parry's setting of Jerusalem, for WI choirs. This hymn with its association with the fight for women's suffrage was seen as appropriate for the newly emerging WI movement who were encouraging women to take their part in public life, and fight to improve the conditions of rural life.
Here comes the trick follows the template set by Hall's second solo LP, Pleasure Club - a melting pot of Stones influenced rock, punk, funk and soul. Opener Permanent Solution starts (and ends) with eastern wailing, percussion and sitar, before breaking into a driving punky rocker, with a subdued midsection providing a brief respite. High Stepping alternates between white-boy funk in the verses and driving rock in the chorus, and featuring a brief but great noisescape guitar "solo". Next is the Stonesy title track, which starts with acoustic guitar and vocals, developing into a swaggering rocker. One Hand Washes the Other starts with clean guitar and vocals, developing into Hendrix influenced heavy blues rock.
The leading runners were heading back up as we approached the Pleasure Beach and club runners obviously made up the first dozen places or so. But around me I would say the majority were "unattached". Many young men with talent and potential running an occasional race but not in local clubs.
Curiosity is not a bad thing in itself. I prefer to think it is a natural way of our brains to work when we’re not sure about something and have questions about a particular thing. I think this is how good scientists have arrived at good theories as well. They start by asking themselves some questions. Then, they try to find answers. In that quest, they establish a hypothesis and plan for effective experiments that will take into account the materials, procedures and data involved. As Gombrich said: “every observation we make is the result of the questions we ask.” (p. 107). In order for our students to be able to reflect on the processes of life, we have to give them the tools, which include time, environment, and thought provoking questions so they can analyze share their findings in class.
In terms of the agreement between the Presidency and a number of national and provincial government departments on the one hand and Vrystaat Landbou (VL, Free State agriculture) on the other, the South African State undertook to pay borderline-farmers for building a new border fence, tp repair a 487km-long border patrol road and to deploy the police on regular patrols in a10km buffer zone.
Between my two showers there was only a small handful of things that we actually had to go out and buy. So, this week we got all the last minute things that we need, have washed clothes ( I love the way Dreft smells), organized the nursery and put things away. All of this last minute nesting has been such a blessing but has stirred up many emotions in our house. There were a lot of things that we had purchased or received as gifts for Harper that we never got around to washing, folding or putting away with care in a nursery that was initially prepared for her. So as good (GREAT!!) as it feels to be prepping for Pooh, there is still plenty of grieving for all of things that we missed out on with her big sister. The complexity of emotions is amazing to me, so happy and sad all at the same time but still so incredibly blessed.
end up what people
After the 5 day wait they FINALLY got the fax. The lady over the phone was empathetic but by this point I was frustrated and was annoyed by the sentiment. I knew I wasn’t pregnant 5 days ago and she should have known this considering I communicated to them that I had been testing at home and had not received a positive result.
For now, I’m not going to write a full review of the album, because a) I don’t want to ruin it for you, b) I’m still on my first listen as I type this and c) I have to go to work in a few hours and I don’t have time to review it. Long story short, I’m lazy. Which explains why I’m still only an amateur critic.
“These are explicit Nazis,” said Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center’s Intelligence Project told the AP. “These are people who wear swastikas on their sleeves.”
for the glaze:
Two vacationing couples who witness a satanic sacrifice suddenly find their lives threatened.
And we make mistakes.
Oh, and one more thing, Di Lazzaro's performance reminded me of my acting debut when I played a guard in a grade five production of... (holy crap, I can't remember the name of the play). Anyway, I recall being so excited over the fact that they were gonna let me make my own costume, that I totally forgot that I was going have to stand in front the entire school. Sure, all I had to do was stand there while holding a spear (an old ski pole spray painted silver). Plus, I was going to be wearing a mask for the duration of my scene (a cardboard box covered in tinfoil). But still, I was terrified. Now imagine having Udo Kier lying on top you, finger-banging the bejesus out of your gallbladder, while Paul Morrissey and a bunch of Italians (the film was shot just outside of Rome) stand off to side watching. It makes my guard duty sound like a walk through a butterfly-infested estuary.
One of our favorite things from Sunshine School every year is our girls' ME books. Mrs. Amy did an awesome job creating a book of memories from this year too, and it was so fun to read through it and see how much Abby Kate has grown this year! The best quote from the book:
After doing all that walking we decided to treat ourselves. For my first ever churro this one was pretty damn good. (Although technically I have nothing else to compare it to but we will let it have it’s glory.. until next time anyways). Honestly though, I would buy this for the chocolate sauce alone.
In his own words, the song is “a loose interpretive cover song based on the writings of Friedrich Nietzsche and something having to do with a Tiesto featuring Nelly Furtado track”. The obvious references of God being dead are present and they combine effortlessly with a semi-borrowed melodic incorporation of “Who Wants To Be Alone” by the world’s most sought after progressive trance DJ and eclectic pop superstar.
Sometimes recognizing what a blog is for is simply good to help use this tool to its fullest extent while not creating a perception that I need to be in a straight jacket.
Sharon and I enjoyed our stay there. After returning from Schnepf Farms, we cleaned up and hit the bar. We couldn’t resist the yummy chicken quesadilla. When we returned to the room is when the craziness began. We had a little champagne, did our strobe dance, followed by our lockdown, and the PJ ghost hunt. Check out Sharon’s video of the hunt: http://autumnforestghosthunter.blogspot.com/2010/10/pajama-ghost-hunt-first-ever.html
Feel empty life without your beauty.
The first being that it actually read like a real life application of the “moral” code that destroyed the Twentieth Century Motor Company in Atlas Shrugged. You can sort of distance yourself from that story when you read it in Ayn Rand’s book, because it’s fictional. When you find someone talking about doing something similar in real life; advocating those same principles and actually believing they will work, it is much harder to distance yourself.
That's why. ;-)
This one was made for the color challenge #363 on Splitcoaststampers. Joanne was our hostess and she chose the beautiful color trio of pink pirouette, pretty in pink and basic gray. She also wanted us to use buttons on our card.
They were really in in the 60's...remember Twiggy?
CM Punk Vs John Cena is up next. Big match feel is going on right now, probably the biggest match of the year. Will it live up? Tune in and find out.
Accessories: Sizzix Big Shot, Nestability dies, MS snowflake punch, Cherry Cobbler seam binding ribbon, Basic Rhinestones, Rhinestone Brads, dimesionals, MS tinsel glitter
for an unpainted robe,
He also pointed out that the rally had marred Bersih’s demand for “better governance” as it was a case of not practising what it preached.
Well, if you have linen napkins and some satin ribbon, you can have this little Army of Easter Rabbits marching across your table, too!!
Creepy title screen? Check!
The last couple of days I have felt little or no motivation to read and yesterday (Friday) I didn't really read anything, save for a few articles on the theglobeandmail.com. Its not that I don't like to read, in fact I love to read, but for some strange reason I feel little motivation to do any sort of reading. While I have finished two books this past week, I have really found little pleasure in reading this past week. It kinda feels like the books I am reading are a bit blah and I really am not enjoying them as much as I should.
Given the cultural activities I have participated in, I wonder: what cultural activities would someone participate in if they went to the US? Do they have enough community-mindedness and local culture to keep their citizenry occupied? I feel that the sense of united community here helps to generate respect. I wonder if our Western communities are too divided.
My mom is an amazing person. I can't make this stuff up.
For home service make sure that the Duncan electrician should be called for professional opinion and repair to ensure the high quality service and safety of our household and office buildings.
I’m a worthless check, a total wreck, a flop,
Did you know that, along with our courses in CPR, First Aid, lifeguarding, and babysitting, the American Red Cross offers Pet First Aid? In fact, it’s one of the more popular classes in Orange County (I like to think it’s because we’re so pet-friendly). You can even order the companion book complete with DVD for cats or dogs.
Any more ideas as to why why Hustvedt isn't taken seriously as a great American novelist?
Season (I didn't)
“I would agree with that if they had any kind of actual moral authority, but they don’t, because they don’t ever support any women who don’t support their very narrow agenda. So they should just rename themselves and say what they’re really for, and stop pretending like they really care about the advancement for women.”
* Sentiment - Woodware Stamps 'Circular Greetings'
When Nate is kidnapped and taken prisoner by the Sea Goddess, only Bertie can free him. She and her fairy sidekicks embark on a journey aboard the Thèâtre’s caravan, using Bertie’s word magic to guide them. Along the way, they collect a sneak-thief, who has in his possession something most valuable, and meet The Mysterious Stranger, Bertie’s father—and the creator of the scrimshaw medallion. Bertie’s dreams are haunted by Nate, whose love for Bertie is keeping him alive, but in the daytime, it’s Ariel who is tantalizingly close, and the one she is falling for. Who does Bertie love the most? And will her magic be powerful enough to save her once she enters the Sea Goddess’s lair?
As we enter the 24 solar cycle, it is predicted that the sun spot activity is going to be the highest it's ever been in recorded history. The last time the sun had a major solar cycle it created the great geomagnetic storm of 1859 known as the "Carrington Event" after astronomer Richard Carrington. This solar storm electrified transmission cables, set fires in telegraph offices, and skies all over planet Earth erupted in red, green, and purple auroras so brilliant that newspapers could be read as easily as in daylight. These bright auroras pulsated even at near tropical latitudes including Cuba, the Bahamas, Jamaica, El Salvador, and Hawaii.
I’ve been having this conversation a lot lately. Mostly with myself, but when I bring it up to others I am surprised by the support that I get. First of said conversations was during a basketball game with five of my best friends. We had realized at this point, that these trips are less about basketball and more about just getting away with people that we love. Three of us had left the game and parked at a local watering hole when I brought up the fact that the only challenge that I’m experiencing with college is that I’m only doing it for myself, which doesn’t make much sense to me because I don’t even want it.
Liver. It is nasty and smelly and I will NEVER cook it in my house OR make my children eat it. I think serving liver to children should be considered child abuse. I'm sure someone will comment and tell me the nutritional value of liver but I don't care.
In other words: The ATF managers in the know were “effectively muzzled while the DOJ sent over false denials and buried its head in the sand,” as GOP Rep. Darrell Issa, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and Sen. Charles Grassley, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, concluded in July.
Thank you for helping our chapters identify outstanding women as potential new members of Zeta Tau Alpha.
Recently I have been photographing several models who have been making a comeback into the modelling world. One of those girls is Krissi who used to model quite a lot but, following some time out, she was looking to get back into the swing of things and wanted new images for her new portfolio and I was happy to oblige her.
The following morning the school bus arrived very early to take me to the school. It was my first real experience of Cairo traffic and I discovered it was an exciting business.
16-18 years old: Pretty much the same, minus the Beanie Babies. And the keepsake box from men who didn’t know me became a keepsake box from my boyfriend at the time. And then I got sentimental, and began grabbing something from each grandparent, something from each parent, something from my brother. I wanted all my bases covered.
I must admit that I don’t like fishing very much, but I love my wife and she enjoys it. So I fish occasionally to spend time with her. And sometimes I think about things like this–just for fun.
Thank you to all who contributed to the HawkWatch Fund through this spring’s Raptorthon event. In addition to Raptorthon participants and sponsor contributions, every dollar raised for the fund was generously matched by the HMANA board. Woohoo!
Recently I was watching Ghostbusters, another media representation of New York, but one where there is a black character, Winston. However, he shows up late in the film, after the other characters have already been developed. He's not friends with the three main characters, he's a co-worker. He acts strangely in the mayor's office, providing some stereotypical race humor. Token characters are an option Hollywood has visited before. Did it make things better in society? The central problem is how segregated we've allowed ourselves to remain, not whether we're pretending onscreen to be more comfortable with diversity than we actually are. It'll be really cool when, one day, someone from each sitcom is carfree (seriously, "Parks and Recreation" is in a small town and nobody ever bikes?). But a lot of us are living this way now and you're not seeing it on TV.
This week, I'm starting research projects with our fifth graders. After being introduced to the flipped classroom, I've made it a practice to create or find videos that review the concepts I teach. I post those videos on our LibGuide. That way, teachers and students can watch the videos later if they need to review.
I'm off to the dentist today, thank you for visiting me I will find some time this week to visit you all
Alright. I just have to emphasize this: If you had a scandal, it’s alright, for as long as you’re sorry for what you did. However, having an attitude problem is something that you should be ashamed of. I do not respect people who manifest attitude problem. Manifesting that kind of attitude for a celebrity is really the most irritating annoyance. Same when you combine it with cheapness. You won’t be respected if you have an attitude problem and at the same time, cheap.
it is amazing in New York today - grey and cool, the weather shifts to September. And so we are revving up again for October - Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
Holly had this idea since Christmas when one of the stores had a set of Russian Dolls in their gift range. We used a goose, chicken, duck and (plastic) quail egg to get the dolls sizes, and after I drew the outlines for her, she painted all the colours. I love it so much, I think I'll keep it to display every Easter!
Cue words of comfort: "What were you thinking? How could you do something so-" Her eyes met mine and she sighed. "I'm not doing this in front of our child." She dropped shards of glass into the fold of her apron.
I don’t really have much of a sweet tooth, my weakness is cheese and pasta and fresh baked bread, oh goodness, mouth is watering just thinking about it, but I do enjoy the fancy and the spectacle of cakes and baking.
Last Thursday, one of our new students, who has been stuggling to write her name and who is clueless as far as any English(spoken or written)had a real "light-bulb" moment. Actually, I think it was more than that. I think it was a "God moment." Our student met a volunteer who was actually speaking to her, in a language that they both could understand.
The claim of the theory of evolution, the unique method of denying the existence of God, is no different from this. According to the theory, inorganic molecules formed amino acids by chance, amino acids formed proteins by chance, and finally proteins formed living creatures again by chance. However, the probability of a living creature being formed by coincidence is less than the probability of the Eiffel Tower being formed in the same manner, because even the simplest living cell is more sophisticated than any man-made structure in the world.
Q – Are local contractors being unfairly replaced by foreign contractors or do the foreigners really deliver better performance?
“I beg your pardon?”
- I got the keys to my very own apartment. -
Like I’m sure is the case with many people, whether they choose to admit it or not, whenever there’s a new reality TV show cropping up on the ol’ box, no matter how strong my intention is to, I always somehow manage to get sucked into it eventually. The latest one to grace our screens has been The Voice. Originally airing in the US, the show has been brought over to the UK and is enjoying a riotous boom of popularity, as judges Jessie J, Tom Jones, will.i.am & The Script‘s Danny O’Donoghue rely on what they hear rather than what they can see to complete their teams of ten. Whilst the show is still peppered with the typical sob stories used to whip up an emotional storm from viewers at home, I do at least commend the format for at least focusing on what really matters here: the voice, and not the ‘full package‘, as that industry tyrant Simon Cowell so pathetically calls it, which means the singer has to have a face for magazines, not for the radio.
The Gonski glass is half-full, not half-empty. Most public, Catholic and independent school interests have welcomed the report, as have people on either side of politics.
Memo to O: If you’re so interested in securing the nation, why do you continue your incessant efforts to divide its people? Why do continue your relentless drive to mortgage the future of “the nation’s” grandchildren – all for the self-serving reason of pandering for votes?
Kathe Koja – Impermanent Mercies
I know it may be hard to believe but there is a silver lining in all of this news. The former members of GSC have already gone ahead and created a new development studio called Vostok Games and are hard at work on their next project. They were unable to reach an agreement with the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. brand rights holder so the gang at Vostok forged ahead without it.
I’m being honest here. You can decide whether it’s factual.
I know Laura loved the 85mm. Jenny is quieter but I gathered she liked the 85mm too. It's kind of a built in personal space buffer...that 85mm.
So ultimately today my baby girl couldn’t dress, middle girl wanted to spend the morning sat on the toilet doing nothing, and big girl decided she’d like to just be naughty.
- How has Cabaret changed in your time there?
The plotting scene is one of silent cinema’s most famous. In one tremendous tracking shot, Murnau’s camera captures, then pulls ahead of the skulking Man, winding its way past the trees of a swamp and we know—instinctively, I think—that the Man is following us. That the camera never stops, or even shudders, along its path is important. It makes the journey from A to B inexorable. We reach the waiting Woman before the Man does, and when he does show up, seconds later, we feel he was bound to do so.
14. Redman – Rock the Spot
So fortunately for me a summer in Brittany is perfect for delicious cheeses, salads and tomatoes. A few packets/bags/wrappings need opening, a sprinkle of red peppercorns (my favourite flavour), a drizzle of olive oil and a squeeze of lemon juice and a light but delicious lunch is prepared.
I saw papers flying into the air, a small explosion
By the mid-20th Century, nearly 1 billion dollars’ worth of gold, silver, and copper had been hauled out of Cleopatra Hill and the immediate vicinity. But, by then, Jerome had become a true ghost town. Below is a shot of the Connor Hotel, which burned down twice before this brick building was finally built in 1898. Once the classiest hotel in town, by 1931 the place was shuttered. It re-opened in the 1960’s as a flophouse. It shut down again in the 1980’s due to building code violations but has since re-opened as something somewhat above a flophouse.
I know it now seems a bit desperate of me to go to a fortune teller to help solve a romantic dilemma, but at the time desperate blood pumped into and out of my desperate heart. I made up my mind to the see the seer.
- Government Mule (Jammier side of the Alman brothers). If you like the Alman Brothers and the Grateful Dead you'll love Govt Mule.
d.a. garabedian
Then, I removed the blue covers from the cushions (which just sit in the chair form, aren't snapped, banded, or otherwise actually attached to the frame) and laid them out on my wrong side up polka dot fabric.
I’m impressed at how coherent most of the responses were. I know I was practically frothing at the mouth and it was evident that many others were as well. But we kept it together and presented civil feedback. Most of the devs’ responses had to do with “work in progress” and “expected redesign of Holy Nova, we just don’t know how yet.”
At the age of 45 I started a PGCE; I lost my dad; I got rejected for the many jobs I applied for and I felt old and useless.
My body does suffer physical pain at the hands of my Dom. Only he never soothes me when it's over. He is blissfully unaware.
As her guests enjoyed the tea party in the East Room, Mrs. Obama, clad in a sleeveless shift with a sunshine yellow top and a pale gold brocade skirt, hailed the three generations for their homefront service.
Weight didn't become a problem for me until I got married. I'm not blaming marriage or my husband. I'm blaming myself for changing my eating habits to fit another person's dietary needs instead of listening to my body and what it was telling me. Blood tests helped us learn that our bodies metabolize sugar and fat in completely opposite ways. His risks are with sugars and mine are with cholesterol. We didn't find this out until about four years into our marriage. We didn't actually start doing anything about it until eight years into our marriage. Our unhealthy habits were beginning to affect our mood toward each other and our energy levels to do the things we love. I wish we hadn't let it get that bad before deciding we needed change, but sometimes you have to let everything go to shit so you can experience how awful it really is, before you'll get fed up and decide you need to take control and make some tough changes.
SING IT, GIRLS! Change that soundtrack in your head!
People have continued to pack up and move to greener job prospects -- the population has been on the decline for over a decade. Nevertheless, people from Grand Rapids didn't take too kindly to a recent Newsweek piece that put G-Rap (its gangsta name) among the nation's top ten dying cities (Flint and Detroit also placed on that list -- not exactly a ringing endorsement for Michigan).
Meth teeth sure are sexy.
After about fifteen minutes Shawn decided to come down, scaling the side of the chimney in the same manor that he scaled it up in. One skate after the other with both arms wrapped around the bricks until he got to the ground.
But I would be living in the Caribbean so how bad could that be?
(and it’s true, she did look awesome) “Yes?”
But can you blame me?? Look it at my handsome little boy!
What? I thought she had beads to give away!
Although the year has had some low points, there have been really special times too. Like photographing some of the spring festivals in the Dandenong Ranges, near Melbourne, Victoria. Adding colour to my life was certainly uplifting. I particularly enjoyed tip toeing through the tulips and eating my way through a scrumptious plate of little Dutch pancakes.
They are very revealing.
The film has no textual titles except brief ones at the beginning and before the tacked-on, studio-mandated epilogue. Murnau and screenwriter Carl Mayer convey everything entirely through visuals, through performances. The complete lack of dialogue text is very refreshing, preventing the film from getting bogged down in endless reading breaks between images. Even in the one scene where Murnau uses text within the mise en scène, this text isn't simply a static paragraph. The porter learns of his demotion to restroom attendant through a letter, and Murnau displays this letter onscreen. But when the porter gets to the part that is for him the key phrase — the humiliating line that attributes this change to his "age and frailty" — the camera tracks along the words, following his eye as he takes in this disheartening phrase. The image then begins to blur, as if with tears, confirming that this is the first subjective shot in the film — and the first subjective shot in the then-short history of moving pictures! Even with the novelty long since faded, shots like this are incredibly affecting and bracing, as are the graceful tracking shots that zero in on the porter's distraught face at key moments.
In five minutes you are happily chowing down on an inexpensive, filling meal. But don’t be fooled – the true cost of fast food does not come out of your wallet, but out of your body, your health, and your years on this earth.
Competing and Complementary Books. Make a list of books that compete with yours and those that complement it. Give a sentence or two about your reasoning.
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
