no, it's a marker!
Hoops after school in the square gym today.
so Joey did you know who really "won" #SweetHomeAlabama or were you in the dark like the rest of us? Are you surprised?
BIG UPS ON THE XXL COVER U DESERVE IT BIG UPS....
No woman is to good to cheat
only the prompt. And I have the app. I understand the extra step, but speed kills. What's the click through? 50%?
hey I watched JERSEY SHORE and I see your swag Has went up to 1,000,000,000,00,000
“: Thanks to Aveda for hosting #mnbes - can't think of a better place to be for Earth Week!” Hear hear!
I'm watching the most random movies tonight. Mission Impossible followed by 17 Again.
What is your favorite thing about the fall season?
": I would love to see and on tour together again" or & Tech9 &
haha. Thanks. I take that as a great compliment.
ready for ya book club!
": Mayer Hawthorne is the best station on Pandora. #np - Ben E. King - Stand by Me" I am 100% in agreement with this statement.
Ok...I'm getting excited...Shark Tank in an hour! Who else loves this show?
have you taken out any drive thru speakers on the west coast yet?
Dont miss mall of america! Best shopping.
did you say "hit an ear?"
Mac Miller's high life album is my favorite. #lovelovelove<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I think I solved this hacking issue. Srry again to anyone who got those annoying mssgs from "me."
'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is in Ohio, heading for Toledo. Only 3.5 hours left until Cleveland.
finally giving into the fact I have absolutely nothing else to do and watching Captain America tonight after watching Thor last night
I gotchs homie, I will check out some of your beats...
Just bought a new bikini top and wedges for Las Vegas next week! , ,
Grab Bag Sale continues! Just realized how much great stuff we are basically giving away! Ops ;)
Thak you so much! Support greatly needed.
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
much good without a wick!!! I was in this in high school…crossing my fingers I get to see the revival :)
With morgan pelts at cheer registeration..
Her cellphone's name was Luka. It vibrated on the second floor.
sorry to hear that you've been having problems. Can you let us know more details?
hahaha mission aborted.
RT The love of my life and daddy to our twins - - was born today. I am very glad he was.
"Yay! Time for Madonnas halftime show" -nobody, anywhere
phone calls from >>>. Hahaha be careful my dear! Love youu
Tumble Inn with <U+263A>
Funny things been happening all day
Reading, "Criminalizing Crisis: The Criminalization of Homelessness in US Cities" National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, 11/11.
Mass was so long Omqqq
Boy o boy
i guessed that first
I won't be pressured into having fun just because we arbitrarily use a base-10 number system and a big round number is coming up.
#LilMan ok I'm actaully workn in a software program that measure room for sound quality lol!
you need to meet !
At least you can walk to class...sitting inside an office all day looking at the weather through the window is
#FIREIRELAND #miamidolphins Hire mr Suarez his team is #undefeated in #madden ;-)
#gametime Lets bring it to trinity
My friends suck...
For that negative comment I sneezed so hard I felt like I broke my jaw and rib -__-
Mom: What shoes are u bringing to Italy? Me: Sneakers? Mom: Are u telling me you aren't going to wear gladiator sandals in the Colosseum?
Huevos!!! I know, but add a "J" and it adds the H...sound foo!
I disagree on Charlie, I enjoyed it for what it was.
Blehhhhh work :p
I sure hope this is a good indication of our season. Go Skins! With you all the way!
I'm gonna punch you in the gooch, Chris. ME and Zac! Duh! ;)
I'm obsessed with Miranda Lambert's new album. Baggage claim is awesome! :-)
Hi Cedar! :D
I'm gonna get yelled at for being so lazy, oh well
parking garages creep me out a little bit...
Crazy I still have feelings for you and we've never met
Now THAT is rain.
sorry. saving the world from other evils. i'll get to yours eventually. BTW, are you still asexual? If so, might be longer.
It wasn't perfect but I want my old life back.
'Even tho you may be afraid abt many things, don't be afraid to allow God to do His work in you, looking into the deepest part...
If anyone wants to challeng me on xbox live my name is (OpponentMrTKO)
I liked you till I found out you were a total bitch...
thats how we roll nigggaa, we know everything..
c'mon what did I do? LOL
Learning about EdgeRank from
We've got DJ Beach tonight. April starts at midnight, start it off right
I hope you win that jean jacket on !
This is all Malarky!!!!!
you gonna bowl with us tonight?
Fucking bitch brings a cat home knowing im allergic to them -_-
Way to go John. You are the voice of reason on Obama pretending to care for latinos.
are you at the Apollo?
Democrats that defect from the President's position on not building the Keystone Pipeline are in danger of getting hosed by their own party.
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
Showed my friend a pic of a guy & her reaction was "it's like you looked up the definition of #sexpervert in the dictionary"
Q2: What jobs not directly in #preservation are good ones for preservationists to consider?
House Party Tip: Make sure you know EVERYONE who comes into your house, and have someone stand at the door to control who enters
i have nothing to regret
Yay Android love
Moore supporters you have 52 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Catch her! Powerful way to remind friends to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
YAA YOUR HOT
Good morning, all. A Wonderful Wednesday to you!
Good morning my loves!:) What's my twitter family up to this weekend???
Watching Asians Aloud on HBO- loving the diversity
Thanks to for the invite, we will be at booth 4571 WIN A 10.1" ANDROID TABLET and FREE 3 months of Service.
I went to march for dimes help the babies someday all babies will be born healthy
New tune-yards video! This video is great, all smiles!
I can't DM you? How much for those tickets??
why do you always do this to me?!
This "Hold Steady" Pandora channel has been a reliable programming buddy for at least a week. Good mix of stuff.
I love you too.
CHECK OUT THE NEW BOEING 787 !!!!
Thank you. But enough about me. I hope that you stay close to Christ and I know he has big plans for your life. your awesome! :D
We are going to have a Blast<3
looking good tonight. Rather see you tag with at #WrestleMania #
Right foot injury ends Dolphins RB Brown's season early
do any of my twitter peeps use scrivener? thinking of making the switch.
When the bad out weighs the good is the day that I'll stop loving you .
crappy weather? im looking at 64 degrees and sunny right now, i dont know what you're talking about.
forgery as a concept has an interesting history in its own right.
My little brother is such a procrastinator. I don't know where he gets it from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lol.
Thoughts of World Series year when I attended SF home opener against the Braves with my son. Go Giants!
Dreaming about Adalberto's california burrito and a tall can of beer.
Walk into my living room seeing my 3 year old sitter put my dog in a pillow case, shake it around, and yell "You got punked!"
Custom shirts? No problem. Cheap and quick we offer results not delays.
Mosquitos refuse to bite me out of respect
Hold the phone... Rhi Rhi tonight on
If you hadn't told me, I would have been none the wiser.
haha thanks. I have a lot more specific direction for talks 1-3 if you need any clarity. Let me know how I can help!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. - Dale Carnegie
Bodemeister is the LBJ of horse racing
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Very impressive of Erin. :)
JT should have come out in his Homelessville soup costume for this one
#survivor ha ha ha!! Check out Tarzan bathing Leif!!! Hilarious...
"track room" under "raoul la mesa 100"
hey beautiful hope you have a great weekend :)
And you can't set alerts on your phone?
Wow! What a tremendous learning experience.
Piff is about to pop out babies and bitch is acting needy my animals are driving me crazy
There's a little truth behind every "Just Kidding", a little knowledge behind every "IDK" and a little emotion behind every "I Don't Care"
ooooeeee! Now you're talking my language, hot spots for getting naked lol
Where ya know me from?
It's taking everything in me not to make the first move
: and in pittsburgh off the charts. come back soon.
fear and loathing LML #
Same tweeter, sure, but maybe the start of Spring Pops puts new bounce in your tweets!
Wow, the #Broncos really don't want to pick in the 1st Rd this year. RT : Denver is trading out again...Tampa will trade to 31.
do they make green one's for st. patty's day?
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
That tour is gonna be so good. Love some Deftones.
Hoping for him to Unfollow me! You know who you are :) hahah
"Nothing unites people like a common enemy." Question fear-based rhetoric.
We stuck to questions the community indicated they wanted to know more about so we didn't get to it unfortunately.
I don't know. Think your boys are in big trouble. KG wants this one bad.
vert jump, 40 dash, pro agility,bench press or push up then punt pass kick
Hello to you as well!
Yes, Only Loaf Can Break Your Heart
We have added new video games to our arcade! Come in and win the best prizes in Houston!
Only if we understand can we care. Only if we care will we help. Only if we help shall they be saved. -Jane Goodall
Late night bites tonight from 11pm to midnight...pizzas by Pandel and sundaes by Rockman. Perfect night cap!
NOT POSSIBLE FOR EITHER ONE OF US
thanks for following..
a day that I work is always a good day :) l/t gotye (REMEMBER l/t?!?? Ahh the #YahooMessenger days :)
S/O to and for letting us be great in
Money make the world go round i showd main man "Gene'Bo" i few trick's to make these hoe's go dwn..
Flatt Energy Cola endorser?
you're always my number one, just don't tell the kids.....or the cat Hugs
I dislike Obama. No me gusta. Not at all.
Yeah, but like what makes us assume that? Give me a break, this is the first I've heard of this theory!
Society my love. The biggest bitch of them all!
I want some lol!
Sarah your icon is so cute! You're freaking gorgeous:D<U+2665>
Raiders get the first down, thanks to M. Bush
Happy Birthday beautiful! ;)
Sorry to hear about your loss. my prayers go out to you and your family.
and what city would that be?
I'm starting to like the color pink lol. (surprising)
I see. He's calling for tougher lobbying laws. That's rich. Not as rich as he got breaking the law, but still rich.
well look who it is
THANK YOU! THATS WHAT I TRIED TELLING EVERYONE -__-
Glad to see The Giants won. Anyone but the Patriots so I'm happy!
What peoples said at first sip of Sakiri vodka: WOAHHHHH! OMG!! So Smooth and taste good! Is it Vodka? Our answer is YES!
missing you! Hope Howard and Arizona are being good to you!
This is funny! Hey, guys. What's the score of the g...aw shit...”
no problem man I hope it works out.
anything for you.:)
You sexy and you know it!!!
Smh... NO EUROPE!!! This is me being a good friend and saying no.
thank you for sharing our deal!
anyone have an extra scooter they could bring for me tomorrow? :)
Actually, I'm originally from MN, but have had a home here in PGH since 1994.
Its Friday May 11 Happy birthday to The BEST Mother!!
Today turned out to be really nice c:
when you get it, you gotta show me!
February is going by so quick!
Yeah your right, it would be better if you got drunk and made her carry you...Because Drunk Tracey = everything's better
Just wrote a sonnet. Forgot how absolutely hard it is to write and maintain structure.
Girll where are you moving?!
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30sasking for a ride to work!
String cheese, red wine, and Revenge. Wrong, sure, but delightful.
Oh it would also be great if I had friends who actually gave a shit, but I mean I guess it's
A Scientist who weighed people immediatly before and after death concluded that the human soul weight 21 gms
Ima be a
so many Pal's problems...maybe you should ask the guy that dines at Mid City that may also work at Pal's
Tomorrows my birthday(;
Wednsdays vegetarian feature is being picked right now... Roots farm succatash. For dessert cut charantais melon. Cant get fresher.
Heading to after a sweet night of #abmb art and people watching! What will the day bring?
Okay so I'm on my phone & when I click the link to listen to Dementia I see the article but I can't find anything to click on to play it...
Vandersloot has self deported his company into failure!
Ah! The sexy , is now following me! #happytweet :))))))
Who decided it was cool to drive with their high beams on all the time? Was it in a rap song or something?
hope to see u on the rest of the tour! ~bgv singer
+ maybe some play-by-play reports. . .
Teaching amazing again. Noting how over the years of teaching what was #scifi in 1995 is now our world, so makes my job easier.
ok if you promote mine!
Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State.
rachael wouldn't let you either! Lol :)
Doing benefit for charity, lets change the world, who wants in!
I know haha I had like an 87% goin into the final so I'm gonna be right on the border of an A and B if she doesn't curve
glenn was just on.
is buying music the e-equivalent of buying vinyl now that we have and ?
not at all!! Let that fan flag fly! They're your team.
I CANNOT stand the freakin RAs that take their job so seriously. A 24hr quiet hour all week starting on a Friday night?! Good fuckin call...
#20ThingsAboutMe I have a boyfirend , & he means the world to me . <3'
Would a hater do a cannon ball at 2am? RT All I know is is being a hater....
Well the weasel can JAM it!!!
"Happiness is not a reward – it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment – it is a result"
typically, yes. Just had some personal expectation issues...like surprised I had to give directions to SFO.
We are currently putting together themed collections of our best-selling EDU films with PPR and/or DSL. Anything you want to see included?
No one is luckier than him who believes in his luck. ' German Proverb
had a very buss day today and night shout out to Ha'Zel Kane , Killie Brown, we just left with Gordana Runjaic n valentino.
Is he part of the 1%? Can you occupy him?
I know I've been MIA. Its been so nice outside that I turned into an outdoor gal. I will be online tomorrow
yes...well future bro in law. I just call him my brother
This game has some hard hitting! And I LOVE it. The Pats gonna have to bring it with EITHER of these teams
gd luck w fest
I'm going to be live-tweeting Surf's Up now!
"Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved."
Dad: You're going to meet One Direction Me: ... Dad: .... Me: ... Dad: I'm joking. Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
Genesis hurt her paw this morning. She's limping around, but it doesn't seem to bother her otherwise. Will observe, wait, & see.
well thanks, I heart y'all as well
Riding a motorbike to friend's villiage today in search of the best Bali coffee!
*-But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in-*
he moved in with me <3
haha OF COURSE you're all excited about going to a day-long, Hip-Hop extravaganza? I would be too. ;)
Mexican Hot Chocolate >>>
Congratulations to for a great show last night! Was honored to be a part of it.
So I really wanna go to Six Flags Great Adventure soon!
Gonna spend some much needed time with my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Is there a full moon tonight? All the loonies were out on the subway today.
Yes! Heard about it. TY so much. I value ur input b/c have gr8 respect 4 u.
Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the #whcd?
Good morning DC! Rise and grind!
hey how are ya? Missed your tweets today:)
They said "The Freaks Come Out At Night" lolololol - Watch chaself!
Thank you. :-) I appreciate that.
what if we (Joe & I) pull something 2gether & pass it to you for review?
plz be my 300 follower I will not spam I need a 300 follower can u be number 300 thanku chao outside :D
Hey! I am back now - only 2 years with no tweets.
2things about Mr.Dennis's tests: 1)he never tells you when youll have one 2)you dont remember learning any of it
Yippee! Freedom awaits. RT Final is done for today. Two more tomorrow and the semester will be over.
I want shesha.
I've been laying in bed with my eyes closed for over an hour.
Spinach mushroom garlic tomato cheese omelette scramble, with strong, dark coffee. Nom.
Is it really that cold out? No, I'm just from Florida.
Who ever first wrote "Happily Ever After" at the end of stories must have been a real smug asshole.
We could use more Donald Drivers. Period.
Class at 8,9,10,11,&12:20 today.... a good student would go to every single class.
i don't even know you. the fuck .
I managed to get on his grassroots email list, too, somehow. They sent me an email, in my state, about convention delegates.
Happy 18th Mother's Day, friend. Glad you are enjoying it!
taking out all your frustrations on everyone around you<<
Love doesn't hurt. It's the one you're choosing to love that's hurting you.
Life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly.
So happy it's Friday-even though - will be working through the weekend making gifts:)
Headed to Augsberg College for our game in the Best Buy Classic
Apparently there's a "Super Moon" tonight. Check it out. I guess it's going to be bigger than Brett Favre's ego.
Thank you Amanda,Just in time!!
Creepy. RT : Check out an art installation today with products! IKEA FAMILY discount $1 off admission!
Currently listening to spit on "Beautiful Morning." It's a beautiful morning here in NC! Wish y'all could be here to see it!!
#SouthBeach here I come. I need to thaw out for a week!
So the topic right now: why drinking is legal and not weed when we get more F'd while drinking. :-):-) just saying its true.
Check out - definitely seems like a #DCDrinkUp type of place!
At church getting ready to hear a word.
Now I know why The Artist was a silent film.
I can send to you
also thanks for reading the blog. Comment sometimes stank.
Getting ready to come tan
We wish all our friends, followers and travelers all the best in 2012!!
You're alone in EVERY picture?!? No friends huh! Ouchie!
Thanks Merissa! I was so scared to do it! lol " , your new #natural hair color is RIDUCULOUSLY gorgeous...."
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear You missed a spot
Purchase your "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Through www.SNOCLOTHING.com Shirts are $25.00 Shipped!!!!
#pepsi #doritos #chevy... Pretty disappointed w/ #superbowl commercials so far. Following twitter is much more entertaining.
Catch up son. Thanks, friend, for wishing us well at #INCBattleBands! Much to be done, but we're hyped!
Same with me, especially today! Cheers!
what?!? School should be almost over tho.
On the real yous a lame
lol dont let it fool you, I'm beautiful lol
John Tucker Must Die is on! This is my favorite movie of all time.
Awww. You are too sweet. Let's do it!! :)
I could use a cupcake right about now :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU
There's a ton of cutting edge tech here @ the CES show this year. Head is still spinning. Good showing by the photo industry.
got my tix for Madison show! Can't wait!
A 4 year old just told me I remind him of a mermaid :) my day has been made <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><3
Thanks for the RT!
Take it back! Making a cape is stupid easy, and holy CRAP are they fun to swish!
Suggested rule: if you receive Medicaid, you must contribute to the program 50% of what you spend on cigarettes or soda.
Thanks for visiting Figaro's! Saw your check-in on and just wanted to make sure you enjoyed your pizza! How was it?
You guys inspire me so much even though i'm only 12You guys prove to everyone that you could live your dream please follow me<U+2665>
Its so hot outside ;O
I'm thankful... <3
I celebrated National Taco Day by eating a burrito bowl from Chipotle...does that count?!
You're welcome Mike! How's the auto glass world?
-- must be taking the FOX rejects for GOP talking points.
Jerry, + this 2 adverts :not easily impressed but seminar w/ was gamechanging Final hour like end of Usual Suspects
So my brother in law compared the army nanner I made him to pink socks that he shouldn't take to work. Lame... ;)
Heyy. Wanna follow back ? Thanks.(:
What is ur favorite #cookbook #author of the past? I love Hannah Glasse & Mary Randolph #recipes. What era do you study?
Every thing I've lost no longer makes a difference
Bronx flow.
lol yes i am...ever hour....until i need 2 sleep...dats the bad part, but until den lol :)
- My favorite team / team I associate most with is the Mavericks. They did worse haha.
this trip has seriously changed everything. and i mean everything.
uhmm yea u do:)
Lovin' <U+E022> 'Signs and Signifiers' on Hi-Style! Answer our prayers & play for us in San Francisco! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
congrats to for his #ffl domination. i'm jealous.
Alright. Don't care about the weather. Go back to golf.
Toodaloo, Dita. Let's face it, girl was not in the same league. Especially not with Ms. Latrice taking us to church! Can I get an amen?
dude I am tonight ;)
No library weed
What's with the one game opening series between the #Cardinals n #Miami , a one game series??? Makes no sense
I miss u! Feel better! I'm excited to go to brunch with you in the future with Allison, Jen, and
During convo about if we would ever bring #Beertown back... EYQ: "Can we have a pot-luck salad bar instead of dessert bar?"
thank you 4 the advice! I'm still so fired up... It's unbelievable!! I'm calling their supervisor 2morrow explaining value.. Thx:)
Oops - I meant ASIST Student Chapter award to - sorry
Hungry for volunteer work, cultural immersion, and adventure?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor
Shout out for Officer Garza (#1889) & Mark/Tom of the Vol Program of #Lakewood #PD Ran out of gas (gauge said 24 miles left). Gassed me up!
Stupid dogs. I told them to be mean to burglars.
Thanks to everyone who made #litaforum 2009 such a success. Thank you!
Topic was Obama's recent higher ed proposals. Caller suggested we round up drop-outs and make them pay back aid $.
oh no! I just heard that #vidalsassoon passed away today. We had taken photographs of him at his home. Such a lovely person. Def be missed
east side is where it's at
Are you willing to do what others won't do? If so, you will succeed!
Last night I watched a very dark Channel 4 trilogy #Red Riding 1974. It was very engaging.
Daily Muse: "Say what you think-Not what you think you should say!"
(PARODY) The Jacksons -- Oprah Interviews The Jacksons | Library ...
Looking forward to the march tonight ! If you're in NYC... Drop by!
Yes, we did.
Big things happening, get on board
i was in the 212
3 step process in this experiment: 1.Listen 2.Learn 3.Understand
I certainly didn't just spend the last twenty minutes watching heartfelt scenes from LOST on Youtube.
I wish people could hide their fucking favorites. Fucking bullshit.
Thanks for following! :)
I remember RIC & Marc Smith WHEN Marc would get DRUNK he would brag how he stopped Woodie & Hoy from writing checks to an elected.
my phones fucked up just message me on here
Happy V Day to you and yours too Ms. Lexy!
Better Know A Buckeye: Jordan Hall | Our Honor Defend
"I don't have a dirty mind... I have a sexy imagination."
I am so excited and feel very lucky you two will be there on May 19!
So I ask an old lady today how she was doing and she reponds "wet"...so not fuckin kool man lmaoo
Much love family! RT : Happy birthday shoutout one time for the homie !!! Enjoy your day bro!
Whether nothing you dismay or you made it out of clay, The Chocolate Library wishes you a happy holiday. Open today from 12 PM-12 AM.
Watching Forgetting Sarah Marshal
I knew you were wild. Figured you had a cute tail.
Ya'll should check out and help trend #DylanHolland (:
turn the air off
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!
wow that's awesome. But again more like ancient artifact than "antique"
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slices. Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
No Meetings Tonight ... : ) .. but the next 4 days are packed with them -- Making this business run is no joke ! success is all i know
I just got it. U were saying he can't win big games...I thought u were thinking he'd won a big game. Sorry, my bad...Chi Chi out!
There's this, maybe a delay. Just wanted to check. RT : Embed button appears on vids that are a couple days old.
:o the world may never know.
And if you don't know if you have enough $ for a full buggy, going back & forth taking stuff off...omg. Sometimes I just pay the diff.
Hide your sons and Hubbies! “: Confirmed cougar sighting near Crandon, Wi”
Wrote till late last night. Woke up with face on keyboard. Little impressions on my cheek from the keys. Wear it proudly baby!
how old will I be when I die? Do I turn out alright?
Good food in the Amazon Grill
Go and try to tear me down, I will rising from the ground like a skyscraper, I love that song
Truth for me as well, Patty. Lessons learned from errors and correcting them helps me be a better individual.
where are you planning on going?
I am so full of ideas and still on Mountain Time... Will I ever fall asleep? ;) #ASTD2012 was truly awesome!
how in the flyin flippin fuck am i gonna yell at you when im TYPING!?
sometimes, i just want to disappear and see if anyone would miss me #TSS :')
Who's excited to watch the Lobos play Missouri St. in Basketball tomorrow? What is your score prediction?
Phone lines are now open. Be the first tonight to call in to 317-736-0950 and share your thoughts about the last week.
As a member of the white community I can assure you there is no white racist code language.
U a simple hoe u a u a simple hoe
Summer romance? Yeah, I'm down!;)
haha, I don't know that will truly make your argument more convincing, but YES! Someday we have to meet up at SXSW or NTC
People who talk really slow<<<<
I hate thinkin too much . . .
" "Cano is late on pitches he usually hit to LF...will be back to Cano we all know soon" ...<They all will...lets ride it out!
u.u ! Thx, you helped me 'cuz my spanish teacher is some calm, and sometimes I don't understand! :P muy divertido!
Westminster Presbyterian Church's #babycontest last evening was uproarious and the babies adorable.
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't kid yourself! Everyone has their shots retouched...it's about making a great shot even better!
Spring Break is finally here....rain finally stopped....the fun starts here and now...Zuma Fun Center is open today from 10am to 8pm.
send Santa my way, would ya?!
very true...
im writing my freashmen paper on you and your life. I hope one day somone can dothat about me! #NSN!
things are great, brent.. know anybody making the trip north tomorrow?
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this<U+E00D><U+E420><U+E012><U+E41E><U+E402>
Stop crying and get back to work.
That would be fantastic
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
This is the longest short week EVER.
More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
you're named after Sam I Am right?
Man, no one is on twitter at 8am
instead of hunting ducks :)
I'm federwmd
Still trying to shuffle everybody over to the current account. Thanks
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
You know on at least some level Condi Rice is bummed.
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue? *crickets* sushi? *crickets* hooters? 4 "I'm in" Again, I need more chick friends.
Asking the stupidest questions, and getting the dumbest answers.
growing up i lived at the bottom of a cul de sac! had to train myself to power up that hill on my bike - actually got good at it.
hey :) thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
Almost at 100 fans
I'm tripping
Have a great New Years KB! See ya at Citi
Dear Hayley, I HAVE A SISTER/FRIEND WHO HAS YOUR NAME(: you read my fanfic too right? We should talk more.(: Love, Tatsiana
Gym Bound in the AM ; Goodnight Tweetie Birds :-) :-) :-)
Have a great weekend everyone!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
AUSTIN MEXIXAN MAHOMIES NEED YOU PLEASE CAN TO MEXICO <3
tweet often, need updates - sitting on the SD tarmac waiting...
Really Broncos really? Oh well at least we got this far...
PERFORMANCE ETIQUETTE: Dick move to tell your friends to leave after your 1 part of a 3 part show
It's only 10:30? Holy HELL this is going to be a long day.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
I Might Be A Very Dedicated Directioner But I Will ALWAYS ! Stay ICONic Blue . Its Already In My Blood .
Oh, we are there now. She's 5. She regresses to Caillou occasionally
I was! i can't help it, i'm super EMO.
Dunn is done.
I spray febreeze on ppl that stink on the train...
Thanks Howard, appreciate your time tonight! Look forward to seeing you in Atlanta June 4/5 for some great fan interaction!
One of many reasons why I'm unlikely to be POTUS: temptation to order overdetermined scenario for Humber to pitch 27 straight outs vs. USSR.
Towel city time :)
I just downloaded the Team Gleason iPhone app. Sweet!
Listened to 1direction this am. Still don't get it.
Ready for playoff basketball? The Jam open postseason play at home tonight at 7pm PT against the Dakota Wizards
"Disneyland will forever be our magical spot because that's where my dream came true.. You." HAHA. So deep. &Ironic how I'm going today!
Holy crap
thanks for the tip lady!
Great night with <U+E328><U+E328>
Sorry Meloneee I was soo passed out. I got your voice mail though.
our editor in chief was a recent judge for the Misd India & had a lovely experience. congrats to Neetu Gupta!
Looks like the remake of "Evil Dead" that nobody asked for... mixed with "Scream" and featuring Joss Whedon's(tm) Genre All-Stars!
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
I use to watch Drake & Josh religiously as a youth haha
All our bridges burned down.
I love putting pink and red together. Also pink and orange, depending on the particular shades.
Lovely!!! Mwah!
haha why is this retweeted by Ali.
coming to 'Speaking of...' this February?
lol...sure think big.
That's awesome - seems like everyone ought to have that speed. If only there was a candidate who agreed... hm
“: I want to see Christina aguilera do a tribute to Whitney I know she will kill it!”
word of wisdom
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
I'm lucky I don't have cable, I would get nothing done
PLEASE tell me this Adam Yauch MCA news is not true. PLEASE.
At this rate, #Lancs might be batting before tea.
Fote: The past tense of foot. -- "The amputee felt a phantom itch in his fote."
Othadontist! Trying to decide what colors to get on my train tracks this time...
Scarfed down some garlic bread, and waiting for our authentic Chicago deep dish pizza :)
WCC? Big West? They'll find something RT final thing is how is the split sports going to work for BSU if the WAC does not exist?
I don't remember publicly announcing the Mk vita bathroom invitational. It's gonna be HYPE
Wednesday we're excited to welcome Frank Mungeam as our second SM speaker - Learn how to market your business like a marketer!
mama's little baby loves shortnin' bread
I'm going with the #Rangers & #Devils tonight!
cream dream?
#boyfriend tune sounds pretty sick!( in a good way)
MITCH McCONNELL was holding the podium tightly because he know he is going to live to regret the ENDORSEMENT ON MIITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca.sur
Might have taken me almost 5 months to realize that you are the one i want to spend my life with, but thats ok. <3 i love you babe.
Congratulations on your acceptance into the nursing program!
Is that Peter lorre?
Thank god for pandora
Kelly you are the best. Should've had the stage by yourself.... God bless
This dudes swimming shirt says: "my time is faster than all your times combined"
I got yelled at for shaking my head at someone! Duude
#dexone brushing up on marketing and social media strategies.
great, I'll type up the questions over the weekend - just respond when you can. Send me a DM with ur emaill addy (no sharing)
Yes you did :)
Last night for piano blu!!! Help them finish strong!
Crazy thunder and lightning here! I'm gonna head up to the roof to hold up a 9-iron—who's in??
West End Rocker and Viking Blond as the wildcard. COME ON !!
Yes I got a burning question..please tell me you're single?
easy answer: be like me and have a coffee pot in your office
To all my single friends: I want to get you laid. Come to #SMSK on 6/9!!! Tix go on sale Thursday
Have fun in the Cayman Islands
Nothing sucks more than when you give someone good advice and they don't take it. Like, why'd you even ask me then?
on saturday it will be exactly a month until believe omfgggggg
Says no
When you have a bubble in your head try to think of the bubble in the head of the person you're speaking with
Hours before #arthistory midterm: Freshman: "All of the slides will have captions with names and dates, right?" ... We need to talk.
thanks! Think we would need to stick to free version too...
Very interesting research from Jason Hong: context-aware scalable authentication - help you auth faster if we can reliably identify it's you
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view. A cop who is really stern could say that it is
Mom's Rock! Happy Mother's Day! ~ BC
Funny. RT Dear Internet: if you publish a story about effective uses of Twitter, please add a button to share on Twitter.
Do you watch vampire diaries??? I saw TVD in your twitter profile.
Man, wtf did they do to my Twitter layout? I can't find sh*t now.
We can make the world stop.
please tell me you heard about john l. Smith. I am away from a radio.
When the majority determines the rights of the minority
Ugh first day of class problems.
Regarding #Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs - most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10 - happened 4X.
Happy Birthday I think ur a gr8 actress :-) I hope u have an awesome.
Had a blast. Great win.
#schoolmemories All The Fights :)
Back from Shanghai and Beijing. Loved the trip although my Mandarin needs A LOT of work.
IKR!Obviously if u go 2 a Greyson Chance concert u're going 2 wear GREYSON CHANCE T-SHIRT not a Camp Rock one :|
Great find on the kids' drawing app!
Oh man I forgot to put my piercings back in . Well this is gonna take a while -__-
thank you sir!
A quiet Saturday working is like the best ambient music, savoring the silence where the music of the ringing phone might otherwise be.
GCF. Have fun with Codes ;) cake reunited. So cute guys! You guys are in LOVE. bromance! just have fun and partayyyyy!
DC food bet would have to be Ben's Chili Bowl
#Luckiest! ": You got kissed by Belle. #Lucky"
MLL Champs!! Congratulations to the from a former dance teamer!!
i don't know what to tweet to get you to follow me :(
While little sister occupies the bathroom getting ready for work, I'm getting my history on with clash of the gods.
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with you and your dad. You need to see our program.
Whoever knew rendering an anthropomorphic ball of yarn would be so time consuming???
the grizzles not about to lose on their home court tf
I Would Mostly Die 4 u
Hiball is the only energy drink without calories, sugar or sweeteners of any kind. It's simply delicious.
well then I shall see your pretty face soon!
Happy Birthday!
having the whole bed to yourself >>
haha no doubt!!
lol you will be just fine! :)
Prof. Cudjoe has the floor
Pandora needs an option saying, I really like this song but this cover of it is horrible
it'll be fun! and it's an excuse to get silly in fancy clothes!
Thanks so much for the RT! It's really cool how the community comes together to help.
RT ": I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.”
and i deserve a i <3 skip bayless shirt.
hey what's cracking with you today
it's both! LOL what you watchin boy?
Are you building the MZ empire?
Montana or Oklahoma?
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT!!!
True enuff!! RT Holy Fuck, you can substitute Greek yogurt for anything! I'm currently shaving with it.
I'm back from overseas just two days ago. Can't wait to catch up!!
I will always in my mind be the best in the world :) GN
Of course!
Would love to see a case study when it's implemented. See direct message.
Love it!
So ready for this starbucks half off frappuccino happy hour thing starting tm! I picked a knew frappuccino for everyday AH
I always feel so much better about my face after I get my brows did.
If you add, "we will just go to ice cream without you," children become geniuses.
This girl's ass... jesus.
yes ah!
Which ones?
This is the worse Black History month ever!
Still up watching crazy movies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> missing a certain somebody.
Taking bets on Peter Onuf's choice of tie -- Will it be the Dec. of Ind. or T. Jefferson Portrait?
How fo you want your day to be? I want happiness and laughter.
He's versatile???? RT : Why is he rapping he's a singer?
Of course!!! I am so proud of all of you for getting this together! :D
Yes, after reading your blog, I, now, understand. A heartwarming story. Thanks to your for saving a warm heart.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Congrats also to alum/faculty , , , , Carl Maraghi, Xavier Davis & Steve Wilson!
and we're back!
The biggest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
i was just so buttered bro haha
This is true. :)
still awaiting tweet back. i know he's busy but i just love you ryan!!!!!
Just contracted a gig 2 give a preshow talk 4 an Esperanza perf. Gonna wrap her in2 a mini-jazz bass history presentation @ Lehigh U, 11 Oct
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work......
Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
Thanks for retweeting and your note. I expect some nasty grams attacking a sacred belief. But they're just in denial, right?
Yall want a lyrical 2 minutes ?
RT : Sometimes I'm clueless and I'm clumsy, but I've got friends that love me, and they know where I stand. -Jessica Andrews
Woaw you are more beautiful with your brace free :D *__*
Ah, I like that turn of phrase.
Do not feel like goin in today
I'M GONNA DIE
aggregated through a 30 team time share
NKYEC collaborates with UWGC & partners to establish Education Bold Goals
I learned something from that - Podsednik is with the Phillies?
Before you consider buying a new puppy, you want to consider these 3 things:
yes indeed :-)
yup... at the 3:35 mark you can see me in my yellow shirt... off to the left :)
Call me #AlumniCoan !!!
Great Halloween night out! RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night & get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!!
PS what makes you think I'm your sweetie or even a woman for that matter?
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
You guys are twins!?!
Hope you have a happy holidays Tay
Happy (belated) Easter!
This saturday im bout to be at bikestyles jus chillin b4 the show, come on up from like 2-5
If I reply to an email with Tout that didn't originate as a Tout email, will it become a Touted email with Live Feed info?
I call it fate... ha! Actually, I was stalking the WormholeRiders following list to see more Gate peeps and saw your name! Holla!
Coconut milk. Coconut milk. Oh how i love coconut milk.
having to go to work<<<<<<playing with loui
If I was magically turned into a frog of sorts, I'd be toadally into it.
Does a Big Mac have good fat?
God has been good.
Hey! You should follow ... Awesome people!!!
yeah that's true
Gates is very unimpressive to me.
Niggas bought skateboards, scooters, bikes, rollerblades................all because of Rocket Power..
the more pics u take of your self the more distant your taken yourself from a good guy, he can be right down the street and you wont no
T-cap over<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet? I looked at SAK-7781 but that is marked as resolved by an unrelated issue?
I'm also in Kentucky -- warm today, but going to change; time to find someone for hot sex...
Homemade dough & sauce, 100% mozzarella cheese, locally bought toppings...We put lots of love into everything we serve: Our Difference....
Against The Law?
Had a great conversation w/ while waiting for Men's Bible Study.
I am not supposed to feel like this all day............Morning/Noon & Night Sickness....yuck
#games The Drip Game
Everything in life is such a gift
Such a great reminder Shelley!
#Kings offering “Black is Back Pack” starting @ $199- 4 games against the last trio of #NBA champ teams, MVPs & the reigning scoring leader
I miss you too punk!!!! How ya been??
Fuck I'm doing awake?
And you too!
Freezing cold? Yuck. Overcast, but feels muggy in East County.
Exporting part of scene 1 edited from the rehearsal! Stay tuned!
Happy New Month Oakland!
I was bout to say Haha..its been a minute since I have tho.u Ight?
I did!
Love working with you!
You're welcome! We love Lee and Low and !
If I was taller and jacked I would play the shit out of rugby
why not
Almost 500 followers. Thanks for the interest everyone..
I need about 15 of your holiday roasts to get me through the year. Please sell them year round. Or send me 15. Thanks :).
Watching NHK news and can't help but read the names of the deceased as they scroll across the top of the screen...
When a boy you used to talk to just becomes ugly haha.
Girls Living Life On Purpose, Inc is gearing up for another exciting year. Still time for parents in DFW area to register their daughter.
Somedays, you're wrong. Somedays, she's right.
Thanks to all those who participated in Hamptons' Home Movie Day this wknd. Photos coming soon. See you next year!
and now Chapman whom we thought was NOT available is now throwing in pen.
Never seen a man cry until I saw a man die.
First time in the history of the world that the words "smile" and "surgery center' were used in the same breath
Have you ever met Gary from Evanston? You're an outside-insider over there.
just making sure c:
awesome!! Good luck:) send some my way!
Ugh saturday needs to hurry up and get here alredy so I can leave on the cruise and hit puerto ric
Sexy pj pants dude at the bar. Planning on sleeping over??
2 Bs so far for my first 2 finals.... I'll take it. 2 more tomorrow!
Well I love them more than you and
can't wait to jump in the action with Food Truck Wars
can't wait till the18th is coming to indiana for the #WelcomeToParadise tour super pumped!!!
no, I agree with you! I was trying subtly to deride further by adding 'impactful', which is my personal peeve.
My mom just said 'LOL'... *facepalm*.
Even if I was interested in Doris, I don't think the feeling would be mutual.. : )
Happy New Year everybody!
really it isn't broken I'm so happy now! Thank you 4 telling me that!
So the spread is 3 points to the #Giants. I think the Giants are gonna win outright #super bowl
A fiction writer could mot have penned a more bitingly cliche nickname for a trader who lost billions of company money.
This lady Roseanne Muller is here at Chamber Music Roundup from San Antonio! We used to play at UIW together!!
You don't have to like me, I wasn't born to please you.
Saturday, May 5th: Kentucky Derby, FA Cup Final, NBA Playoffs, NHL Playoffs, Mayweather vs. Cotto, etc. Exciting day to be a sports fan.
Look for breeders via AKC. Pls don't buy from advertisers or in store-breeders that advertise are not reputable. Good luck!
Breaking Batman? Bryan Cranston's visit to Gotham City
First it was Future now its 2 Chainz
- No problem! =) I was at the game last night, rough one. AJ pitched well though.
preach it sister. 2012 - The Year of the Bone.
what ya was doing up there
Lock your doors is bartending tonight until 9.
The news I just remembered one of my old managers told me when I was working at Walmart >>> lol
Tornado! Oh no, Auntie Em!
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” - Dr. Seuss
:) : THE JEDEYE1 SONG OF THE DAY:ROCK WITH ME TONIGHT By Freddie Jackson
Pedro E. Guerrero: Photographs of Modern Life Opening this Thursday, April 5th at Woodbury University Hollywood Gallery
HoW iS yOuR dAy??
Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!!
Sisters: they are what makes your world shine bright when it goes dark, they are their to make it all better. I LOVE MY SISTERS!
im going to make MahoneScarpBook soon, tweet me if you want to be in it, follow first! Thanks, xx
the show was great. This was actually her first time headlining.
I followed you
hey not my fault the driver took me somewhere else
Nothing better than feeling embarrassed&horrible
Where all the killers
#swing collaborative #Conversations in perfect pitch song. © dmp
Ahh peace and quite...just the way I like it!
I've had so many people say that they look forward to the movie version of 'The Faithful' that I'm working on the screenplay now.
KANT NOBODY CHANGE YOU..YOU HAVE TEW WANNA CHANGE YOURSELF
He did not just wake me up at this time -______- but it's him so it's okay ^.^
Kobe no.8 would play for scoring title... Kobe no.24 would rest for another ring..
im never sure whether you're just tweeting or running some smart viral experiment
Great giveaway! Congrats on your blog's year anniversary!
LOL The taco my husband made?? That bastard! He's so never cooking for me again!
followed for ya!
We still can't decide whether one of the photos is a particular aunt or one of her uncles in drag. Fabulous either way!
are we Tryin to have like a 25 min Bernie session were like all we do is... Bernie? lol!
T4: Hospitals' use of Pinterest seems to be a good way of providing good info... BC it lives in Pinterest, not on their website.
Just Steve - : YO!! All you guys headed to Rock on the Range or just Steve?? On my way too :)
Good afternoon everyone! How does everyone feel about us getting a referral contest going?
Building a playset takes a long time, I'm 8 hours in and still have about 4 more to go but the kids are gonna flip out when they see it!
word bro!, yea hit me up need to check it out
Running on little sleep, and my triceps feel like they are dying so I can barely lift anything. The work day is going to rock!
She black as shit talk straight shit shut the fuck up <U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8>
Hello Ya'll....shop local!!! Come see our new Acacia Wood!!!! What a Beaut...
I'm watching Big Bang Theory, I really don't like Will Wheaton.
good question. Makes me question their list quality!
Just talked to my mom for fifteen minutes before I realized she thought I was my sister because she said things like “I’m proud of you”
Netflix has taken more days and nights of mine than I should care to remember!
My auto correct keeps making psha, OSHA. Is bad 90's slang in text messages now an occupational hazard?
LOL WHY WOULD YOU EVER JUST RUN 11 MILES
Mother's day lunch with mom and grandma :)
come on down! I haven't even eaten yet :)
Selena Gomez: Who says you dont pass the test? Me: Coach Hill.
yea that would be bad
Anyone having any FREE advertising or sweet deals in Vegas? Call us 702.979.4424 Las Vegas HCG
haha I figured, I was by you when you were in the dairy isle and two people being you at checkout!
I'm over here dying laughing at my bruh singing Pleasure P part of Bet it up
I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
Knocking off bunch of little to-do items involving SFX, our link resolver. Feels good to say sayonara to some of those jobs.
Hell no this kid did not just say beats are the best headphones
Haha! Thanks. Makes my week go by fast when I get to do a bunch of different things at work.
but babe, I was only kidding. :O </3
honestly I don't know. I'm exhibiting.
Looking to work with 10 ppl to help them reach 6 figures within a yr. Call for details in the most lucrative industry 1-646-397-9817
Goodnight from Florida tomorrow night California
very nice!
IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH WHY DON'T YOU MARRY HIM?!?!
Dude I think he's doing the dice thing too much... It's really all he's got
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL. www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
WE HAVE REPORTS THAT THE #SYMBOL OF THE R.O.C is a Satanic Organization. ITS A
RT a secret your boss won't EVER tell you... you will NEVER become wealthy working for him !
Red Dawn is now on Amazon Instant Video. Yeppers.
Amazing how I can't seem to exist without the Internet. Time to go read a (real) book.
Uh, this link does NOT work brotha!! PLEASE repost! I have a camera but I don't know what you want me to do with it ; )
i know right! my parents think since it's summer they can give me any chore lol
Happy Birthday !
OH - Guy on Phone in store: "Your Facebook posts are pathetic. (pause) YOUR FACEBOOK POSTS ARE PATHETIC!"
sorry if I was the cranky one you speak of.
what u have in mind?
I can see this goin 2 b a long ass day... as u get older u cant always b around ur mom on mothers day
I'm doing very good,how about u?
That is so strange! I remember that I put you on there!!!! So sorry - will make it up to you this week :-) U R FAB
rock on !
I love you & your dad, Colby.
Have you seen the new dewittlaw.com? Let us know what you think
hey hey heyy
I love RnB more than any other type of music. Well that and jazz intrumentals.
If you're thinking of buying a Windows phone, I guess you might want to wait.
Aw, thanks! I have so very few of them. ;-)
We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of ! Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;)
So if you're a celebrity they don't haul your butt to jail when you owe this much in back taxes?? Ridiculous.
quick morning lecture then back to sleep!
I was just told I look better with the lights off... Thanks Emily. Love you. xD
Eternal Sunshine of the Swiss Bank Account
sucks all those burgers were wasted by all those blind people fingering the shit outta them.
Even though this sounds creepy, I will help. Try Spencers Gifts.
ROSY YOU HORRIBLE CO OWNER :p haha we all suck
I'm happy with mine and i discuss yours lol
"I want to be America's barber!"
Lincecum= that long haired guy in the movie Dazed and Confused.
I'm so tired I will have a nap ...z
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?" Lmao this is so me xD
yes, robots.
New Futurama in June? Fuck and yes.
That'd be awesome! We are looking for a few great designers and developers. If you know any, please send 'em my way! :)
Worse than St. Anger? I have a hard time imagining. No. I don't want to imagine.
Congrats to Tom, Jackie and the rest of the team! I think I shall celebrate with a coconut pie bite on your behalf.
RT .Will I see u guys at the Golf Tourny ?
been there and Twitter always wins.
up to anything fun today?
Whew. Thank you, warning label. I was actually considering using my new floor lamp in the shower.
#np Marky Mark and The Funky Bunch - Good Vibrations -- lol, such a good music video
Johnny's Irish pub hosts the cd launch party this saturday starting at 8
Parents piss me off.
Thx Tim! Have a good weekend, man!
hehe thanks for the most amazing day ever!!! i love you!!! :D i wish you didn't have to leave though. :(
I think he's a great actor. As far as I'm concerned, #MissionImpossible 4 was awesome.
Wth? RT : Herpes RT : Can anyone tell me what these bumps on the downside of my shaft are? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I LOVE MB!
I was there to...lurkin in the backseat (;
Blue Jays acquire Ben Francisco from the Phillies
AZ must make the Bengals go 3 and out
sorry, i broke my phone and i havent been on twitter or texting anyone. Even my boyfriend. I miss you so much sis.
Just took a look at it today!!! Nice!!!!
Movement without direction will create a hole in the ground. — Sophia Bedford-Pierce
What is your preferred journal/news source on digital humanities?
Black Friday special @ at Anatomy day spa & boutique. $30 certificates a value of 80 makeup application, great for those holiday parties!
I really dig that game. The cell shading makes it I think.
check my direct message to you :)
I just had a great morning sipping coffee at Espresso a mano, one of our sponsor businesses. Delish chocolate croissants, too!
All-time fave Downton line, though sadly for us workaholics a diff spin to it..! RT : "What is a weekend?" - Downton Abbey
Awesome- We appreciate it!
Hope everyone is having a better start to their day than I am.
it's been a pretty wonderful day if i must say so myself :) God is so good..always
Any occult tobacciana enthusiasts?
online shopping? Feel free to give us a call 800-343-9826 ------Weve got you covered!
Right back at 'cha! Have a wonderful day!!!
Yeah I'll be there in August
RT : To defeat the darkness out there, you must defeat the darkness inside yourself.
no not yet i wanna get somethin tho :) he does skype with the people that buy his stuff so i have to buy somethin lol
#rhonerangers tasting event was a blast.
I was watching Warped Wednesday on Fuse today, && i saw that he got his hair cut; its way to short! D:<
not an apartment. Just a house I'm thinkin about buying
that's the last time i borrow a pencil from a girl... there's only so many hello kitty charms i can take on a pencil<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I am fairly confident that is the only coffee shop jammin' Big Moe and SUC!
. Donald Hall's The Academic Self is really good on this. Becoming an academic.
84 on my geometry test YESS!!(; ...I thought I was gunna fail
not really, the last two I read...Liar and The Passage disappointed me. So I'm with you...looking
Another day of listening to the derp filled mewlings of no-nothing yokels.
#IWantToBe with all the time more then anything...
Congrats to Natalie Portman for her role in Black Swan!
haha o i love how u use twitter as in conversation as if it were a living thing,
"All you owe the public is a good performance." -Humphrey Bogart A film maker and actors responsibility :)
It's "Cheeseburger Week" in Pasadena, California...But I'm in San Diego this week. So who has the best #Cheeseburger in San Diego?
I know you happy but yah my prom June 1 && ma graduation June 12
OH HOW I WISH YOU COULD COME HERE.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go - Oscar Wilde
Had a wonderful theater/ Drama presentation with the students. Thanks you to all of those that had a chance to watch it.
Thanks Matt
A jug fills drop by drop. Buddha
I already have the winning ticket. Sorry love
G.M.N.I.: Being drunk is not an excuse. I'll hold you accountable for any & everything you say to me.
if the guy is watching the bachelor, you have bigger issues
Happy Hour at 10 - the Draft Beers are $5, the Happy is free.
losing my day drinking virginity this year at carb day haha
I love love.
Wow it's 12<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I could have sworn 10 seconds ago it was like 11:30
Watching another soccer game, freezing my butt off
i would like to thank #extraspacestorage for the help yesterday...i can enjoy the holidays somewhat better now.
Phoenix is hot.
Bootcamp yesterday...kickboxing today. Misery tomorrow.
"I'll Have Another!" And so ends another #KentuckyDerby #RunForTheRoses!
they cn be rude too (very rude)
#ReasonsToLoveTexas and are from there
Sad to leave #thatcamp #se and all the fabulous people - new & old. Great sessions today & lots to think about & DO! Thanks y'all!
I love eating
Thank you to all of the LC students for their kind words and support tonight. You all made it a wonderful year. See you tomorrow.
Sara, thanks for coming out & helping make this inaugural event a blast! We can't wait for next year.
Kobe is pulling a LeBron
Enjoy!! I had all kinds of plans to meet up w/ folks, but instead I walked arnd in a daze, wide-eyed & cmpletly overwhelmed!
When are we working out together?:)
Mean bacon
"It's Not the strongest of the species that survive, Nor the most intelligent, but The One Most Responsive to Change"CharlesDarwin Which RU?
My dumbass still hasnt learned from mistakes I've made .
So excited new bedroom set in 2 days
But I did enjoy it, and I appreciated the distinct 90s-y-ness of it.
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
its dollar night
you too, pretty!!
is drinking and broom riding illegal
You don't sag pants for niggas too see the belt you tuck your shirt in
I feel bad for because I assume they ran out of time or money, but there was an implicit narrative promise broken.
Thanks for the credit!
follow me pretty please!!!!
The best milkshake I ever had was in Wyoming. I think. It was near a major national park.
Worst invention of all time - Helicopter Ejection Seats Chalk one up for the Belgians
sounds like a good week.
Would you be my Satellite?
I saw you talking about some girl earlier. i see youre moving on lmao
And I need to stop snapping and shut up before I get fired
does anyone know how to look at your retweet history?
totally loving the new Bombadil album Tarpits and Canyonlands! many thanks Bryan for sending it my way!
Four steps to business success - step #4: Influence the friends of your fans
Good luck!!!
didn't see that one coming
Ok twitter I'll be back in 30days given you up for
If your hated your winning. No one really hates on teams who always lose.
I think we share the same view.
RT :) RT @ daynanicole Just read ur article on Building Support Systems & said WOAH too many times to count! A MUST READ http:/
“: I was kidding. I just wanted to say something” this explains most things on twitter.
hell no you are way better looking than brandi!!!! ;)
Go Pats!
Chicago News: daily news, local news and TV news - WGN
If could be in this bar right now, they'd know it doesn't matter what Big Ten school you go to, Journey unites everyones.
If she moves like Jagger, there's a good chance she's probably having a seizure.
don't i get excused from hw since it's my birthday? ;p ahahahah
1940 Census launch at Ancestry - record traffic and press coverage
just finished doing cam shows 2day, still need $$$ or no school in sept! cu 2morrow peeps. ps. if u have a harley i LUV u lol
Wrote my epitaph... 2589938378UTC: Alex has stopped in method Live(), due to fatal exception See autopsy.log for debug information.
The sound of a jet engine spinning up is like a lullaby at this point, knocks me right out.
<------can't close my mouth from shock on that one!! lol
Same game ad in mw2, same guns just new maps
no rush!
I'm so glad that Cody could take some time to himself to go back home to Australia. He does so much for us. ~Courtney
who rangers win!!!!!!
A half hour in the waiting room of a neonatal intensive care unit gives you some perspective, that's for sure.
Oh I get twitter now. I'm just supposed to tweet what's on my mind: Boobs.
Shoutout to two wonderful followers and -- go follow them!
In music, everyone is a critic and expert. Opinions are stated as facts. It's just human nature. Get over it and keep smashing forward.
Hey #Flyers fans we don't celebrate regular season wins, we celebrate playoff wins AND Stanley Cups.
Just kidding,scared of bovine beasts!!! Too big!!!
tell that to Wade Boggs
I need somebody I can truly Fuk with
I'm away on vacation but when I get back to town let's make plans! I would love to see you! :)
: LOVE her show! RT Listen to great commercials
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICKY!!
Dang, I forgot to put my good cologne on for my meeting with my advisor.
Also, go check out our buddies in The Days The Nights at the Crystal Ballroom tonight. They are awesome guys, and they're new album rules!
awww thanks for following!!! Hope your birthday was a blast
Participating in Yom Hazikaron Ceremony in Yerushalayem - very solemn, very meaningful
#immature is a word boring people use to describe fun people
Can any of my friends help me out with making copies.... My HP printer can't handle what I need to do...
sorry! come back! I must have missed the tweet *scrolling*
I won't tell! Enjoy your fish!
Somebody stole the sink from the new daisy's outside bar!
David Lee~ You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
he is shockingly bad at this
Oh! Allan Holdsworth!
Josh had this epic dream about an asian guy who knows his parents.
loved ur "hire me" badge at #140cuse, perhaps try a visual CV on your blog. I can DM mine as an example, LMK
#mentalist OMG GREAT SHOW SO HAPPY:-)
sweet! Sounds rad. Wonder if i know them.
big problem..lost your number and never got to text you back today!
People who don't know who they are always need validation. Stop waiting for people to define you, "define yourself". TDJ
I'm so very worried. Stop making shitty choices.
Today I am a sponge
The bass on "You can't hurry love" is insane.
"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf...the internet."
no its not, I havent seen that ...
She caint play keyboard for nun she sum shit
third world countries still get periods...
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York - Must have previous Games Industry experience, contact eamonn…
I agree, so we should refrain from retweeting that sort of rubbish :o)
thanks - and looking forward to it!
All in good time! You'll get it all done, and it will be fabulous.
would love to learn more about the available dev API. , thanks!
thx for sharing the post, Rob!
Back to work tomorrow... have a great week, everyone!!
I only roll with the chia seed, so good luck! Oh and don't drink and drive!!!
can't call me a ref doe
dont care for him really
I think its hilar...especially since we aren't twitter friends,lol.
#16-Charles Woodson-CB-Green Bay Packers
Just one month till much anticipated mixtape #HatersMotivation is released .
no nigga, im peanut butter
<3 come to me.
Salute to - They Got That CONTENT!
Im gonna wait for my time for austin to see the past tweets i have sent to him and follow me. I hope i will happen someday<3
I can't feel my face! Lol just got done at the dentist. Don't you hate that feeling?
#PLANKING PLANKING IS HOW THEY STACK AFRICAN BODIES DURING THE MIDDLE PASSAGE.
Hey what's up man? Saw you were a big sports fan. Who are your favorite sports teams? Hit me back!
oh no. my big ex broke up with their girlfriend....uh oh.
Tebow gets confused. Thinks "Gang Green" entitles him to Kermit's job. Cookie Monster demands trade.
u kno u #morethanafriend when u kno sum one's greatest secrets. I love u brah
Welcome "Kiddy Academy" to Sprinkles Magazine!
damn alright -_-
sorry I had to ditch you ladies toward the end. Those guys were annoying as shit. lol
Spoiled rotten with a/c all summer. Visiting family without. Makes even grading a sweaty mess...
Shoutout To My Wonderful New Followers -
I am trying to order a new i phone via ur "AT&T Upgrader" I am getting an error where it is repeatedly asking me for my #
Ellerman on News Corp: Govt would have to argue that reporters acted to 'obtain business' when they bribed police officers for info.
happy birthday
By "here" you mean "my pants?"
Ugh Just Tired Of Everything & Everyone !
ok, goodnight BRO ;)
Head to the farm!
you're welcome. Yours too. Will do.
*I get drunk. I leave
The refusal to admit change in our lives is a major obstacle to transformation. We cling tenaciously to our habitual ways of doing things.
I'm still cold !
Shout out to the homie and playing against each other 2nite
very excited for you two to meet--i think you guys will get along quite well!
Focus: mission, vision, determination and implementation...
hey gorgeous how you been?
Are you going to be upset when austin leaves ??
It's cold...I don't like it...and this is nothing compared to what I grew up with in MN
Nice seeing you at the conference last week. Random question: when do you use broad match modifier for keywords?
i was too 80's when i first starting playing so i tend to go with those over sweeps to make em sound a little more modern.
David your right, apparently my acct was hacked! sorry for the previous message
"moreover, not uninteresting, nor nonumental"
thank-you punk!!!;)
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you have an excellent weekend!
I SURE WILL !
No, but what if the world ends and I spend all my money on tickets and don't even get to go?!
Be good to your children, they pick out your nursing home! ;-)
"And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper." - Marge Gunderson, Fargo (1996)
Walter Johnson's Soul By Soul is definitely one of my intellectual inspirations. Careful anthropology from a 150 year remove! Amazing.
I've never been on a date.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Just a cheater lol
Don't know about you, but I am cool with brown and forty degrees all winter.
Music production from the 80s is way better than what we have now
yo i could use some grand theft auto sann andreas right now with some pizza and a 40
If you’re getting married soon, say #IDo to FITzee, too! #Brides will feel fit and fab walking down the aisle w/ us by their side.
new follow...and new member!!!
I didn't I haven't been on here..but this shyt unfollowed EVERYBODY so I'm following everybody back smh
The Youth Ministry led us in our Sankofa Moment. They are watching "Roots" as a part of their Black awareness project.
wat it do bro!
i kinda figured. i'll bring a dolly to wheel you outta the place.
Thank you to all our soldiers and veterans for their sacrifice
#GWAS or run out of Jergens
getting really bored about now.
That you for the tweet Ryan, we really appreciate it. Hope all is well in San Antonio, I love the riverwalk there!
Don't ask me why, how or how many times a week, just understand that fitness recognize fitness and warriors will always go the extra mile
Sorry! My facebook is for friends & fam. I could only request you if I have proof that your real. Yup, I'd need a proofpic!
"we goin to the ship!"
That whole band sounded like Return to Forever.. and Chick Corea Electric Band..in one! CRAZYNESS!!!
Shout out to
what it do chevy girl?
This game is a simultaneous mixture of insanity and stupidity
I love lazy Sunday's. Enjoying well deserved time spending it with my husband before our crazy work schedules start again. <U+2764>
'Hygiene hypothesis' gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence - Delmarva Daily Times
Hey! Check out my video of one of my newest songs, Motel 8!! Thanks for your support! Love ya! <3
While watching the NBA All-Star game (incredibly boring BTW), I decided that I need to go white water rafting. Can't wait for May!!!
Taking road trip to San Diego today. Ah.
Wonderful news for that penguin.
Don't fuck with stoop kid
It is comforting to know that not only the steps but also the stops of a good man are ordered by the Lord. George Mueller
but niggas are tryna say a nigga who lead the league n steals 3x cant play Defense..dats blasphemy
It looks really nice!
go to make my cake in harlem, new york city on 116th street best cake in the world if you must have cake
first day of spring break = massive cleaning.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. Robert Louis Stevenson
What's on channel 27?
Gasol was struggling with Kenneth Faried. Serge Ibaka ain't no damn Kenneth Faried, I'll tell you that much
I KNOW. Me too
A survey of Miamians say Ozzie Guillen should keep his job after his Fidel Castro comments, fake apology, decent apology. What do you think?
Ouch! he just needs some time ..I liked his feet...we agree on most ...this will be fun to see how it plays out
Should have those invites by the morning for you guys. :) Will PM once I have more in hand.
you won your league? Congrats! Buy your wife something nice. ;)
Will someone bring me a glass of white wine? I'm in booth 318
"most important thing in a relationship is trust..... Well, after sex & hygiene"
For winter training, check out Train Chicago Studios Computrainer room
Haha aww yea its funny bc il hit Isaih n she gets so mad but if isaih hits me she'll just sit n look at me Haha
And cheese! :)
Yes it was RT : Seen a happy couple actually having fun together last nite..u dnt see that too often
I used my friends address before I moved to Portland. What they don't know won't hurt em!
Again...What is the Danish word for Oh $h!!t!!!
Subtitle for this year's #SOTU address, "The Girl With The Neck Tattoo."
RT : Mother, there is no other. So treat her right this #MothersDay w/ brunch at 10am to 2:30pm Reservations!
Ima be in bmore after christmas. we gotta catch up. have you change your info?
Today id a good day for
if u really wanted to be with me you wouldnt have let me go in the first place. so be happy, u have what u wanted
just try and keep my TL Rated G please lol
RT : RT How u have the wrong number and u get mad at that person kill urself// Wait!! Did you retweet yourself cuzzo?!
"A free spin is like taking a woman to the mall & giving her a credit card, she'll be back when she is ready." ~Carter Butler, ATL~
Today Day at Cascade Waterpark. Admission $5 kids 9-under. $10 for adults. proceeds help local kids www.cascadeAC.com RT me
what do you think about interactive widget-based apps in the cloud?
Your the man triple h get better soon
Last PiYo Wednesday, doodles!
don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there's footprints on the moon
Why does every Philly sports team have different team colors?
Exactly. That kind of behavior should be reserved for the bar.
don't tell me anything - I haven't read it or seen it yet.
at least you didn't go home with them and have to pull and awkward walk of shame lol :P
If they ruin it, like make it different than the book & if they don't find the perfect actors, I WILL BOMB THE WORLD AND KILL MYSELF
Phillies leave Rollins stranded at 3rd after a lead off double..no score after 1 inning at the Bank
I meant, we heart...
Half empty — unemployment stubbornly high, property values soft in certain Markets, and private capital yet to return to mortgage markets.
when are you going back to your house
why we jus,friends, lol.. She wont mind lol
no classes together this year
Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger. Seems like just the other day
Hey boo thanks for retweeting. That's why i love you. :-) See you saturday. Let's party!!!!!!
hey bro are you on skype?
teaching isn't showing students what you know, but where to go....
everyone keeps telling me i seem 'off' with them recently, oops:l
any of the shows at Gillette?....that's how this whole thing got started last year....t-storms & rock concerts
In math . ewwie
Finally at home and it's so good to have my boyfriend here with me :)
“: RT : RT : I don't blame Bachmann for not believing in evolution. It's really let her down.
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it. When does book #2 come out in the US? Thanks!
We cry every time we send these off to a hungry customer's stomach.
GOAL! Timbers defender Eric Brunner scores in 43rd minute. Up 1-0 over Chivas USA!
nice pic!! Love u & Ali so much<U+2764> it would mean soo much if u followed me on instagram -pibkglitter758! I love all ur pics!
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.<U+2665>
Thought about retweeting Then didn't.
lol dammit Patrick can't you see Spongebob wants the card.
Her 'food' is processed by the enemy.
I'm never sure how to answer on value of PhD programs -- I think best I can say is, "It depends."
On a lighter note, I'm loving the new cd from
"people are talking bad about me?!" haha, sorry you got hacked
I never thought the term "recess" could evoke so much happiness past the 5th grade.
Parents of tattooed teen sue NH school district - Fox News
going to the park for a jogging session, wish me luck.
This is about to be an interesting drive back. Estimated arrival: 3am -_-
laying out<3
It could be Mahones and Your Year!!!!
twitter is a soap box for ignorant fools. i wish some people would actually read what they wrote, this shit is stupid.
Aw man..well .. it can only get better from here.
#Thebestfeelingintheworld feeling like everyone accepts you for you.
We're delighted to announce as a sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
thanks homie. Baseball soon!
ima just cool it tonight. The weather is all shitty anyways.
Like true gentlemen, you kept your word, but we still would've loved you guys anyway. Happy Friday!
Accident @ corner by house this afternoon. Jeep ran stop sign t-boned station wagon. Driver of Jeep taken by EMS. Family feet away, in yard
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe..you live with the choices you make in life bet your feeling real stupid now huh
yeah it was a last minute thing...my bad
Fox News asked their readers if newspaper endorsements affect their view of a political candidate. 71% answered, "No, I form my own opinion"
Ur an ignorant MORON. Leave the country. #WorldPeace? What a JOKE! Go
We totally have to take your picture with it! That is, use the camera to take the picture of you with the portal gun.
We are officially shooting our promotional trailer for One Hand Clapping 3/20 thru 3/22 in the Austin area.
Another fave MLK quote: "Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted."
What's your biggest limitation to generating more content for your blog?
let me visit ya!
Super good SweetBands shoot for the #Gay band today! Thanks to , , , & everyone else involved!
I was pretty surprised
I haven't drank once this whole month.
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
someone just tried to high five me and I shook his hand >.<
in Torrance Court this a.m. City Atty is mature female. Makes a big diff, means she is reasonable and see's the value of defense.
what's goin on? Hit u when I was in PHL
Coral Springs Investment Property for $ 195,000 The current rent is $ 1495 per month
thanks for the RT! It was great to see this #Agile team in action. Team feelings are often overlooked.
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
I'm sure we will (once she is over the scary wolves part). BTW, I was kidding you didn't spoil it.
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist who has STRONG content. send submissions to
hey there - i won't be at the mtg but at our dc office if you're planning a visit.
Congrats and welcome to the team - the new Tournament Manager for
Everything is Illuminated! Love weekends cuddling with a good book.
I should be seeing you more. Maybe it was just wishful thinking. Need more girls nights!
“ God only allows ppl to close doors you were never meant to walk through.”
I H.A.T.E homework/studying.
Man I have a huge headache ugh
I missed the gym this morning. I will make it up during my two 15 minute breaks at work.
Thanks for the RT appreciate them
OMG. CANT WAIT UNTIL THEY ANNOUNCE THE WINNER o:
Quintilian~ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
you beat sonic yet.? I'm stuck.
The island of misfit toys.
#12Days until Better Than Me :D
The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate the feedback!
RT : RT : My grandma is the best. If a girl meets my grandma,
Hey Rangers fans today is the the birthday of Nelson Ramon Cruz born July 1, 1980!!!!! Break out the BOOM Stick tonight!!! Let's go rangers!
Listening in where...
RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ...
where is that from? At first glance it looks like it has too much cocoa...so it's probably not even worth it
Had a fun weekend, life is moving fast and its not a bad thing
you know it!
what's wrong best friend?
Up and at em
good to see max b trending
Great #HotTopics meeting with site coordinators and staff at KC Urban Youth Center! Looking forward to the next one in May!
Take a picture with the other Big Ben from across the pond
Guess tonight is Beyonce and Rihanna night!!! * dougies*
CC faculty happy hour at Shiloh.
RT : Best #airportfood ever! French Meadow Bakery. Organic beet Gorgonzola salad & tomato basil soup. Go MSP airport!
ALRITE I C ITS EVERY MAN 4 HIMSELF
LOL they are at any gas station that doesn't have a walk in store. they are cold
It's a beautiful day in Seattle! Wish I was at home playing outside with my little one!
Happy Early Birthday!
being creative is a gift. A gift that if you ignore may alter your course of happiness. Be BRAVE.
At last you're listening to real music!
The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence.
im azz naked .. i dnt wanna move !!
Thanks for the kind description of my students' work.
Happy Friday!! :)
If You Had The Best Sex Last Night...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
Things are going to work out. Things are going to get better. I can feel it.
So I'm also realizing that we can only lend a few books such as the classics. I do have a few of those, though.
#NP Sam Is Dead -
thrashers vs preadotors- we must win, regualr season for NHL starts next week, we gotta step up
And can we get this 2nd game started already? Please...
Debra Martin Chase is the BOMB! Just heard her speak, about her story and the Entertainment business. Wow! Very inspiring!!
Finished a song tonight.
#DearTaylorSwift we are all tired of your love songs make something different!!
still East village, definite upgrade from where I'm at now though.
Now hiring for the fall! We can't believe summer is almost over!
How about those Lakers though
More like iSuck
Perfect day to jam some Transit.
I'd castrate myself instantly. No hesitation.
I see you've already been introduced to our fans! haha. Let me know if you need anything, happy to help. Excited for next week.
Ok. Just because I am 50 does not mean the only colors I want to look at are black, gray & navy.
Can't wait to watch "Cook it Raw" episode tonight!
Have distinct poetry-writing headache & yet have written no poem.
Put it on her shoulder so she can put it on her mind later on...
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
I'll make you glad you came
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
Yes! I live in Oxford so only about 2 hours by car! I really hope we get the concert!:')) xox
Plus 1. RT : This crew is fantastic at refereeing by committee. By fantastic, I mean SUCK.
I wonder what it is ab the flat billed hat wearer that makes me think they're the special ones that rode the short bus. Extraordinary.
check your Facebook boss
Damn did long john silver have to go fishing for my food
Calm down I'm planning to come out to Tampa the 12-15 Sept. Please ink me in. &%$# lol can't wait.
I just saw the cutest set a of twins...*sighs* One Day....<U+263A>
Fr some reason I still can't DM u back. I'm on AM1160 M-F, 3to5p. Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson.
Your welcome.(:
I'm there, but I don't use it, and I don't get the sense I'm missing much.
I was taught "if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all". Some people make that statement hard to live by...
Which team will win the #Celtics-#76ers Eastern Conference semifinal?
And in typical brewers fashion, 2 runs in the first inning followed by no hits the rest of the game.
My lil brother went into the girls restroom and saved my life though :")
Time to start the dinner.
#WhyYoShoes talking to me? And dont try and duck tape it shut!! Get some new ones!!
ok facebook family- I'm curious.. what's in your cd player/iPod right now.....
Baby let me blow your mind tooooooniiiight...
eh it's only 7 pages
do you love it?
Ok Fort Myers and everyone @ First Assembly... Be ready... Im on my way!
is more than Somebody That I Used To Know, but whenever I hear this song
Just got a compliment on #Yelp: "You're so cool polar bears wear sweaters around you." I'll take it.
Yea. I would like to visit the mt again soon.
3 tenets to deliver ideas: 1. its about the people; 2. make few rules n get out of the way; 3. gain leverage - ,
exactly. Hopefully its a good thing lol
WOW. That was a great way to end the season
who does? Lol
Hit em straight fellas!
Did this dude really just hand me something over counter at work just bcuz I didn't rat him out for smokin in room? interesting day at work
Needed to re-post, since I used the incorrect "offence"...D'oh!
always make the mistake of putting to much water in the bath, when iv been in it an age I have no room to top it up :(
Possibly because of their choice to create the news??? Duh!
Just give me a f'n coffee!
I will never leave you heartless.. Never leave you standing in the darkness. Darling yes I promise to never leave you heartless.
This article just turned up on my RSS feed. Yay!
Boom! Yates to Andre! TD #Texans!
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
you miss us?
Drip drip drip as I kiss both sets of lips!
Well....I have FINALLY made it on Twitter!! I guess my Capricorn stubbornness wore off. :)
n then they call balling on a budget
Friday night listening to #Streisand #Broadway #Pandora radio while reading about collective memory. Pretty G.
Happy Easter!
future Bill Nye the Science Guy?
Thanks for following me! See you soon girlfriend;-)
hey girly! Do you know when the m&g starts for the citadel? (:
Maybe Claire Taylor would be available to take over the captaincy from Strauss
little of both :)
GOODMORNING!(: getting tickets to see u in new York today. Yes<333333
oh! Gosh! That's so sweet. Thanks for telling me that. I'm glad it moved you!
Welcoming Brenda, Till and Eva...Happy Monday!
My favorite time of the sporting year !
Boston cream pie yum:)
I was about to write a good quote but then I got high and forgot it.
This team is not a team that keeps repeating its terrible mistakes. When something is broken, they fix it and come back stronger.
Wow...Your guy really blew it in his bizarre and hyperbolic attack on the Judiciary...Better walk that one back quick!
what are you singing?
... I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts. I think Yahoo does but I don't want to switch over to Yahoo. Do you know?
Asthma attacks can be tamed with meds
RT : RT : Serious question, were you a Heat fan prior to 2011?
Tis 1s 4 u & me livn out our dreams Were al rite where we shud b Lift my arms out wide I open my eyes & al I wana c Is a sky ful of lighter
Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith
some times its so hard to wait for something to happen
Woo it's Sunday, that means one thing
whats been good my g
No Laird. We are the 99 percent.
I don't get why you are disrespectful to a teacher. You aren't cool...?
25 more views till 1,000 on my video for robert
don't let anyone break your spirit or your heart.
just Sayn love your new shows. Fan from new Orleans
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
-1st Commandment of Martyism-“: It's always awesome if you can pull off getting laid and drunk food in the same night.”
Thanks. Keep Making Things Happen as well.
Since I'm stalking you on Facebook, Twitter and Google+, it's only a matter of time until our paths cross. Hope U had fun.
Crazy day at #crystalmountain. So much snow -- over the head powder shots all day
I am a fan of premium denim jeans Joe's, True Religion, Citizens of Humanity
Dear god i cannot climb up three flights of stairs without feeling like i'm gunna pass out and I've been doing this all year
anyone looking for Promo Shoots!? Or Logos/Designs! hit me up! :)
Yooo, I love your profile pic!!! Lmbo, too funny bro!
I guess Chrome is 14 now. Crazy spooky updater.
IE on Xbox wouldn't work 2-3 years ago because HP, Dell wouldn't have allowed essentially a $199 computer.
Precisely :) sorry to leave u out! : Well, I am hapa. So, I'm only half-snubbed? ”
Thanks for the support!
you have no sense of direction <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 357
Show this Friday and Saturday. We hope you will come out.
Me too. RT : My Draw Something name is the same as my Twitter name, if anybody feels like bringin' it.
miss you too! I'd love to see u and
RE: DonnieWahlberg: Until that time... LET LOVE LEAD YOU! LET LOVE TEACH YOU! LET LOVE DRIVE YOU! And
happy birthday Mike!:)
My journey begins
Day 30: Legs freshly shaved, the bell lap, the home stretch, the final countdown. Bum honed & thighs toned.
Hey Sheri....when is the next Yoga for Teens? Is it every Monday night?
Casino and then go back to the casino.
I agree with and you need to ask this boy!
Resorting to Craigslist for a used car...help
#Doc says I need more #Iodine in my diet. What foods naturally have alot of iodine in them?
you're not alone there, lady. Lol
How much does your brain cost?
Hey! I just want to ask you something. Why not you go to The Haunting of Mansfield Mansion in Conn. That is scary!
: I don't recall talking to you on the trolley but yeah I was @ SWC as well doing transfer credits/Sun too. Do you have a facebook?
that's why being a Cubs fan is great
The Departed wins for me. Shutter Island is up there too though. You?
very cool - where did you scan??
everybody's got to have a claim to fame. In this case, the credit goes to my students.
Wonder what the BHO campaign figured the net votes - and how much more donations - he'd get by "evolving."
He's got my vote! :)
Maria Elena Durazo: LA labor's challenge is charting a course to shared prosperity or else a repeat of 1992
People don't know what Congress is
": Today I chose alcohol over sleep"
I did too...thank u
Interesting Christmas. In the BR airport. Heading to Atlanta for a 2 hr visit w/ my Mom. Then to Indy to visit my daughter. God bless!
Hello dear Twitter friends! It's good to be here again! How was your holiday? Hope you had a lot of fun! Have a good day! ^_^
trying tweet deck
Live with how court is preparing for Jennifer Hudson. Trial starts today for the man accused of murdering the singer's family
oh, matthew. The drama.
I didn't even go haha but good way to celebrate
girl...i was like WTF u serious? Smh
NIALL I NEED YOUR HELP! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Lol as long as there are no more Drupal questions ;) Just shoot me an email.
A sharp vision, supported by concrete plans, offers you a wonderful feeling of confidence and personal power.
Just saved an RBI triple.
#Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi & NYC! Req: advanced genealogists - paying $175! DM me for more info
Kinda dreading formal now. That gym is small and I cant avoid the people i want to avoid:P
wit who
Pastor Joel and 1st Lady are truly the BEST!!!
have a wonderfull day today
A ranger there told us some incredible bear stories. Ever have any encounters with grizzlies?
Seems to me the only time the news covers the national parks is when a shutdown is pending.
DHC's is at this morning with Demand Energy Networks' CEO Dave Curry to talk about
Ok... Haha I'm bored, just got back from the Tri-Cities.(:
Learning to be content in all situations. Not accepting all, but appreciating and growing.
Why do u have a fake accent like you're from dublin when u really sound like a broke leprocan? U're not irish
Ruben's a sexy name;)
Most fruits are now considerably larger and sweeter, and most vegetables are more tender
I love unexpected freebies :)
I'm not about making someone a priority when all I am to them is an after thought
Tomorrow is going to be a good day. Ill be damned!
Reading abt "Recruitment & Retention of Underrepresented Minority Graduate Students?" via #NAGAP Perspectives mag I received today!
has anyone used trader joe's coffee filters? I put one in today and it broke apart and made a huge mess....advice?
Retallack, Lin, & Dworkin are three of my favorite authors of all time; I live in Denver; and I never knew you existed!? Disgrace!
. . . in order to feel anything you need strength . . . —Anna Maria Ortese
At 2:45 going to watch #NSN in HD yea buddy
[#Venting] Companies, Twitter is for 2-way comm. If I reach out to you w a simple, positive question. Follow up! It's been 4 days now.
want to here something funny, ur Tweet about u saving baseball. U Tweeted an hr. ago. I Tweeted that 5 hrs. Ago.
I fear you could be right, but I'm too much of a fighter to think that long. I already have plans on different ways we can win.
#Omega-3 improves neuronal activity, and you find it in blue-colored fish, trout, sardines, salmon and tuna.
I'm cheering for the Wirehair Dachshund!!!
my spring break has officially started... #yay !
never tell me about things like that.
Notice your car doesn't look as good as it did when you bought it? We can help! When the shine & protection matter call us!
oh i feel you on that one! bring on the sequin sweaters and rolling chairs, woot woot!
I haven't been back east since sept lol
3 hours of nonstop Family guy!
I believe it is between Florida and UK for Bennett
Hell yes. RT : wednesday for Hell's Bottom release and Thursday Get your local support on!
What can we do to help cure this problem? Is there anything that we each could do? The homeless problem is just that; a problem.
BIG NEWS! The BCH Comedian is confirmed & it will be the current host of the Late Late Show, Craig Ferguson. thank you
I wish people would read the book rather than waiting for sub par movie adaptations.
Sun beginning to set in Kill Devil Hills ... Makes me miss coastal living ... Thank God for #ESPN #obx ...
#facebook creates groups for schools.... #elearning implications? -
Everyone tweet a wakeup tweet at
Tweet Tweet!
after that one I didn't get a message
thanks for the email. Glad you like the show. We'll be sure to check out your work.
I cant say if I have a type anymore... If I like you, then I like you. There's nothing more to it.
People who understand sarcasm >>>
Wish I was sleep up under him with his hard dick pressed against my ass<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Really???? thankyou im crinkling it imma post it ;D
that's good and me too:) what's up?
DJ Premier guest DJs @ Toca Tuesdays tomorrow night @ Sutra NYC! Celebrating our 3 year anniversary! Come through!
If you think that some day it's going to occur, some day it possibly will happen.
only if the person who sees it understands it...so I send you off to college and you...
Walker"Balanced Budget"lie = budget has longER term debt service, incurring greater interest costs for state @ higher rate. Child's Future?
Id rather die on my feet than to live on my knees
I was a kid but I knew it was wrong and I did nothing.
He's from the south of France...Australia.
HA! Total sarcasm from my tweets yesterday.
I know enough to know that your characterization of #Ward7 is inaccurate.
Rock and roll sounded forced and rushed initially. Now they've slowed it down to just the right pace
just cause! :)
thanks so much! :D
RT : RT : Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you (Jeremiah 29:12).
Congrats on your aware! Whatever it is, since won't tell me!
when is everyone coming to visit?
Justin Jones a 6'6 SG from Edmond Santa Fe is plan on attending Peru State University in the fall. Congrats to Coach Katen
Enjoyed the camp experience, hopefully we'll cross paths again...peace and blessings!!!
PhotoSalon Opens as Web’s Largest Fine Photography Store with Access to the World’s Finest Imagery for Home and Office ...
...and he's single!
Just realized that Lebron changed his shoes at half time
People are gonna hate me in 2012. Really.
go jenny go. U r amazing and u r gonna kill it!
yea man
The drawing will begin shortly!
Did you know we're playing Hollywood Alley on the 27th at 10pm?
merry Christmas sassafras! :-)
Well, it's 5:00 and I'm just now getting to my emails for the day.
its on fag ! I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!
10 windows open on the laptop right now.... All music related,
Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch <3 bringin back the old memories <3
What, you wanted a link? Sorry. Not yet. =)
You got that right!
When you wake up with an awful headache <
(*) Happy Mother's day to all of you (*)
Bleeh.. Bus service to javits sucks. Even if select.
Smoking hooka for the first time since I was 20. I forgot how fun this shit is.
#thevoice the girl was painful on this song. Neither one could sing.
Hope everyones having a good day! (:
I dont wanna work, i just wanna bang on the drums all day!
oh no its ok im always on twitter when im getting ready for school
yOU ARE WELCOMED.
Thanks again for all your suggestions. you are quite the music pro!
Congrats! Thats a great accomplishment.
In Vegas for two days! Plan to see Ka tonight
Who has swipes for the cafe?
Of all teams, I sure didn't expect the Chiefs to be the ones to stop the Pack. Crazy.
yup, exactly.
I wish the challenger I had for a few days
we linger a hour to choose a clothes and to make up. ahaha
needed DT depth. Browns suck against the run, Heckert believes he can help. Until he hits field we really don't know what he'll do.
"ML for the working programmer" is turning out to be a surprisingly excellent book, I was expecting good, but got more
Finding air plane parts in my garden
I think he told me that a time or two also lmao
Mistakes are the portals of discovery ~ James Joyce
its time to get down to brass tax
The problem with falling in love with your best friend is that you can't talk to your best friend about it.
started playing today..not a RPG fan but it's awesome
stop judging ppl. u don't kno their story.
No bunnies but.fresh ricotta....thanks to you! Yum! :)
Is it true that public historians like history better?
Gus Johnson just had an orgasm.
Drama evilness will bring pain!
": Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo AND the Kentucky Derby! Or as stupid hats call it, “Go time!!” #FallonMono" AND CHRIS BROWN's BDAY
it does make me cry too. But keep it in mind that Alex IS your guardian angel. Always. And for the rest of your life. :)
woot! woot! RT : Cheers! let's do it again soon!
flattened squirrels are road rugs.
Lionel Messi 4 Arsenal 1. He's like, really really good. Bring on Inter. Vamos Barca.
And though we're ahead of schedule, which is great!...believe 'anxious' is best word throughout this day.
YOU'RE BARELY THERE? .___.
Robbie Earle (on big picture): nothing's won or lost with tonight's result.
omg I can't believe my baby is 16 slow down..
The significant problems of our time cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.
Not going to lie. Just went to Ricky Martin's website to see if he was touring anytime soon. Sadly, no.
I walked all thru my house trying to find where it was coming from, its getting louder
Hey BO!
RT : Cool! RT : Globetrotting Kids: Kids Blogging About Their Around The World Adventures. Check them...
i use to always hit you up i just got tired when i never got an answer back
Become Wealthy off of reduced Electric/Gas Bills in over 27States while it's early 1-646-397-9817 The Energy Biz is where the Big Money is!
Aye Warm up the studio!!! im on the wayy
hey what's your pin BlackBerry ??
We're glad to hear you enjoyed Rain!
Me at my house : Tweeting Me at school to my friends : Do you know that austin is my man ? Me in my bed : Dreaming of him<3
Another successful day at the slopes
Sweet offer: is offering free hot yoga classes at RatioHQ. We estimate office temps to reach 115 degrees by 6PM!
Its Mr Count My Fuckin Money Backwards
Last days for Coho Salmon sandwich!
cool story
favorites from the #oscarnominations : best supporting for melissa mccarthy!! & pina for documentary feature. i have got to see the artist.
I'm not afraid of mashmallows. I'm just afraid of pronouncing it correctly, apparently. hahahaha
RT - ` I'm going w/the lions & New England Patriots.
great hang last night, much thanks to Rich and the staff at Crown Victoria for putting up with our foolery
#dhtrial standing for jury.. judge in place
thanks for coming yesterday! Glad to know I'm still running the town as I make 2X as much as you!
#ItCantWork if only your the one putting the 50% and the other isnt putting anything.
sounds like fun you ladies hitting the night life tonight?
I passed it but there was a problem and I have to take it again. in June which is some bullshit lol
Yesterday when I was fat, I sat around a lot like a tomcat. But now I choose to move my fatty ass, to slim down & shout "I declare combat!"
I like the "good stuff", haven't had any in awhile? save me some? LOL
No one likes a visit from Aunt Flow. Dogs included
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i am extremely outgoing and bubbly :)
it's the Shepards Pie hyun!
have you seen the director's cut? I haven't but heard it was good.
the real question is, was Nelly there?
Hey! With my job/other work I wouldnt be able2commit to writing a viable academic paper.I do have some from ug but I may go
Savannah & Her Cartoons >>>>>> Especially To Gabba Gabba.
Searching for wine tasting events in LA...
Porcelian Raft is some good tunes. Moody, but just enough bleep-bloop to be fun. Check them out via
If you do not like numbers, then check back later for encoded images rendered as of the Maya sculptures. Coming shortly.
is my all-time chill artist. Just turn his shit up on my ipod & I'm set.
"My girlfriend sucked 37 d%#ks." "In a row?"
lol yea he is
Happy 13th birthday
Yes! Why is she not much more well-known?
Okay, I need this.. -- Going LIVE on-air with the boys @ zenlive.tv --- Stop tweeting me and start calling in!
Welcome to the Twittersphere! Happy to help w/ any tips or advice you need in this crazy world of 140c. :-D
Follow the homies
haven't you ever seen a chick hold a beer in one foot before?
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
cant wait to see Janet Jackson perform....
should i use to clips and clip my bangs to the side of my head... Lol.. Do you know what im referring ?
YES lol, that should not be your end goal!
Don't take the nipple away from the baby- Heimerl
Teachers who know how to play classical guitar
Awesome!!! I hope we get to see you!
That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait.
hey Mo. How many years has it been?!
tonight i'm making a photo album for my two-year-old nephew's bday. :)
Watched Amazing Race tonight and they were in Kerala India. Very cool! :)
What is this fraggin' migraine teaching me now?
I'm just going to wallow in my sickness. I hate the mucus in my throat, worst taste ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Castro Benedict sounds like a very fancy breakfast... and I approve of this meeting.
Today is goin by TOO slow. Ugh.
same here. Lol
we think facebook! :)
fbcd GETTING major VOLUME
Have any men out there ever gotten stalked by someone online? #pii2012 #piiLabs I wasn't actually scared by it - I was too busy to care.
If you can provide a route number, direction, location and time this happened we would like to look into it. Thank you.
Pawn Celeb News; Due to the fact made a public announcement be was battered and aborted a child ppl are blasting her
welcome to Twitter Corey! Follow Cody as well! Haha
I'm pretty sure he's about to tear my ass up.... wish me luck
trinamahone <<--- FOLLOW HER !! ASK A FOLLOWBACK AND GET TA KNOW HER BETTA!! <U+2665>
I know, hahahaha!
The police just tried to race us on the interstate. What kind of shit is this.
VC would have exploded if we scored there!!
Hey everybody, you can download our music for free check it out
Agree! MRT : IMHO When you willingly to talk about the challenging times openly, learning is increased tenfold
Has anyone noticed Wisconsin jobs haven't gone up much because firms unsure of political outcome? Anyone, ANYONE?
Official doesn't have the luxury of multiple replays and has to make the call then and there, and at game speed I'd called it too.
haha I saw that but wasn't gonna say anything!!! :)
nah im good, whats changing my haircut gonna do for me? Lol its not gonna change my life lol
Best thing i've heard all day...The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese!
Babysittin for free what don't judge me
So who would be down for us to so a stickam before I leave for vacation, maybe tonight at 7? Hmm...
The office is divided. Gif with a "juh" or "guh" ???
Mad Shout out to Paul Dang & crew @ 720 Cafe 4 a delicious bruch w/ some righteous spinning sounds, spins, & vibrations for da body & soul.
I honestly haven't looked at my team once since we drafted
when I ask for a favor there should never be a why… like past the salt, some one say ''why?'' BITCH… WHY NOT ! !
An absolutely gorgeous day in #Vegas!
And more! I'll be passing on Practical Veterinary Urinalysis...
Cant force nobody to be somebody they dont want to be
So... what's all this gangsta rap about in my dreams?
Friends or not, a team mate is a team mate.
so over watching the sabres play the sens.
these photos you are posting are tinier than my pinky nail.
1. lingerie is not a birthday gift for her, its a gift for you, so, no. 2. know the correct size, especially if you're (1/2)
:Tom JoePa was never on trial.He was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
Don't ever let anyone tell you you can't. For you can do ALL things through #Christ!
I wasn't going to give out this LOCK, but my little losing streak must come to an end NOW
"The fear of the Lord is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate." -Proverbs 8:13
Bill Polian is full of shit. Bad analysis of Russell Wilson
I think I'm going to go buy myself a iPod shuffle today and get my podcast on during my runs. Now, what color should I pick...?
Teachers have been really moody lately.
Thanks 4 the suggestion! I've been meaning to address neurofeedback for ADHD 4 awhile, but haven't gotten around to it yet!
but disease can't hold me back from jeremy linning tonight via rec basketball
Chilling at the house.
can't say that would be the most successful of practices though.
Can we leave our car in valet while we see #AdamCarolla? Show starts at 8. :)
when it's kinda squishy
looking forward to some heart warming reunions in CoD WaW tonight... only I seem to have subscribed to XBOX DEAD....
Have a great weekend everyone..be safe! Smooches! ;-D
Maps meant to be backdrops rather than primary documents themselves.
Can't wait! RT 6 days until the season premiere of Californication!
Watched #50/50, it is more powerful than #Philadelphia and funny at the same time. Great combination!
Morning world
What's the issue?
#peer1 hosting spams me off a #magento mailing list with a shoddy error prone email linking to a dead url - not impressed
Presentation is fast - blink and you miss
Looking for sales, marketing, and finance opportunities in the St. Louis area
“: RT : Avg 24 year old will spend more time on Facebook than they will with their doctor in 20 years.
#AskBow what is your biggest fear
nigga dnt follow me on twitter...dnt follow me to the shop...to the katt williams show...or to church...nigga
NSAC: What I do know is that I have a positive test in front of me. I don't know if Overeem's team has given a persuasive presentation.
Says he was going to hit guys as hard as possible anyway so bounties didn't matter. It's still wrong Darren c'mon
grey haired (or head?)
Do you believe in fate? <3
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her
my throat kills
Lets avoid studying at all costs.
good afternoon dina
thanks for all of your continued support..
spring break Suckas !
How did the beard turn out?
I m a good cook. Who would have thought! Lol
That was the best shower of my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
": Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Clare County in MI until 4:15pm EDT. #miwx" — It's headed my way.
That's a strike yotch!
Ah! We do get our cap and gown today! :D Graduation in 2 weeks!
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video? Their live voices are perfectly fine, if not better.
Baseball folks: if u had a time machine, what old school pitcher would you bring to the present to face Bryce Harper? My pick: Pascual Perez
kubina's wikipedia says he currently plays for the sabres...is that a joke?
Tickets for DOING TIME-THROUGH THE VISITING GLASS r in process of selling out Last show 7pm Blackbox Theater.
Loving spring semester. Its not bad at all.
As the UK prepares for the royal wedding the BBC is looking at unusual nuptials as Extreme World series.Send ur photos to .uk
whiskey and nerdery...
Rob Ryan should be the head coach
Nicki minaj id so unique she sometimes annoy me wit her voice but she straight
will be relieved to hear this!
710KCMO dumped him in KC for Mark Levin. Sure miss listening to Savage.
that was a BEAUTIFUL touchdown by the Packers!
#Stolls, The Ninth Wife. Everyone has baggage, right? Brilliant nuanced & burlesque examination of life choices that make sense at the time.
why not both? 1 class tourney over Christmas break, 4 class at end of season.
no problem! How are you feeling?
- yes, we do get what we pay 4. A high quality of life w/ a high price 4 gas. I'll gladly take it. ;)
Senior prank was weak
No one has the right to feel hopeless, there’s too much work to do ~ Dorothy Day
Haha! It was fun! -- chriss RT : had fun @ the event with mr & mrs lon!
#ESPNmnb wonder who the cubs fans will boo more? Braun or Ramirez?
Which will prove more historically significant? The inventiion of the printing press, or its obsolescence?
but we'll be together then, son you know we'll have a good time then
what's good fam
Finishing up new web site + print sites(s) with + press packet with for early next release. & planning June's show.
Niggas still got flip phones?
so today is 5-11-12 BEST DAY OF MY BESTFRIENDS LIFE THANK YOU (:
RT "It is important to our friends to believe that we're unreservedly frank w/ them & important to friendship that we're not"
It was so bad, I had to leave the room. The guy totally sounded like the guy in the honey badger video. I'm serious.
"Who Let The Dogs Out?" and "Summertime Girls."
Any team taking a shot on Kellen Moore today?
A special thanks to for his help this week
yes yes yes!!!
Time for a nap!
Chill with all that RT : If only you could saw what I see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately
Been away for a while... I'll catch up with all later tonight.
If loving you burned calories, I'd be a supermodel.
Doing the easy thing is rarely the right thing and doing the right thing is rarely easy. - Glenn Beck
Don't be afraid to be original
Just saw that and thought the same thing! Hahaha....
check out our spotify channel man
I wish I was going to #Brimfield. cc: Have fun w/o me and snap tons of pics pretty please.
RT : We must make the choices that enable us to fulfill the deepest capacities of our real selves -Thomas Merton-What else is there?
Gorgeous! And I adore that necklace.
Im post every pic i have w/ dogs i love w/ all my heart
awesome movie!
Just chillin' in our cars with the engines running and playing with our laptops. Thanks for the free gas, dirtbag tax payers!
Wow the NBA sucks to watch...
RT : I'm hosting #Echelon3000 tonight! & performing live!!
So I called a number by mistake, and now they keep calling me back.
not yet, just found out today. Menu is posted, no prices. Hopefully it's not too pricey.
Hopefully some big things coming over the Horizon for everyone in e-Sports. Just a few more pieces to fall in place. Stay tuned!!
I wish you could stay too. Reverse is awesome.
Weights and then relaxing outside. Best February 29 in at least 4 years.
": Sleeping naked is the best feeling!" Can i join u? Lol
So yummy and chocolatey and don't even get me started on the frosting!
My Mom Said Hi...
I saw a girl wit 10 different colors in her hair on the train...
HAHAHAHA OF COURSE THEY'RE HAVING A PARADE!! oh, clovis.
lol I know I'm out there Thursday haha
#ImSorryThat the way I dress doesn't live up to your standards, but #RealityCheck I don't live to please you.
Just saw that Ariana Grande, who plays Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious, joined Adva Mobile
Haha, before clicking the link I was going to say "Checkout "
thanks to you at for allow two brackets...only one has Mizzou as champs...
Thank you to everyone that helped make our first annual Earth Month 5K AMAZING yesterday...we appreciate each and every one of you!
Great to hear that the USDA released strong, rational nutrition standards for school meals--even if french fries and pizza remain a staple!
Roommate fantasizin bout girls right now ! LMAO !
As a polysci student, Ive long since learned to be skeptical of "cost to govt" claims. Way too much data that can be manipulated
I'm sorry but that's awful greg
Court rules McD's Happy meals legal. Toys weren't making kids fat. Ya want skinny kids, make the doors smaller so fat parents can't get in.
Sorry I missed the memorial. I hope you guys are doing ok.
The vast majority of antibiotics used in the U.S still go to treat animals, not humans (they dont even really need them)
I just need someone to talk to. To just help me.
If a reporter visits your social media site and doesn't see an active audience, they won’t see the relevancy of featuring your in a story.
People who don't brush they teeth and wash they face before they tweet<<<<<<<<<<<<
Exactly, Coach! Boys haven't been the same since you left.
voted today
Really disappointed in my former home state, North Carolina. Wish I could've been there to vote against A1. Come on now, people.
what do you use tumblr for?
why. Cause of that slutbag?
it's not the way it has to go, it's just what I prefer
too way off
I don't understand how some ppl are tellinn other ppl's moms Happy Mother's Day but not their own... confusion!!
Off to the Dr for a physical and a good ole 2 finger salute
Every time a girl gets a new weave they always look like a different person >.<
Are We Acting Like A Couple im Just Trying To Get This Straight Cause im Over Here Convinced That it's Too Early For Mistakes.
try it… it looks dumb but its so amazing
While I was researching the pros & cons of "log in as page" on Facebook for the 2 sites I help administer the option disappeared!
it always sounds like water is running through your walls aftet you take a shower
SPH Alumni Society President Deborah Lasher encourages grads to stay connected to SPH throughout their lives.
FYI, loved using StageIt -- really easy, really worked! let me know if you want more info. Hope you're well!
“: I'm seriously just gonna find myself a hot croatian guy and never come back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” I swear, life goals.
Education is sharing, and sharing is caring.
YOU'RE WELCOME<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The club I played at was all abuzz about their hometown girl!
Iguodala Stop Shooting!!!
Hey there! I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this...
u already know
great burger!
look like u gone have to aint nun i can do
GoodNight Ppl ; )
video girl the movie in theaters amc empire in nyc today, rave 18 in L.A. tonight 1145pm, starring meagan good, the block in orange, ca 2
RT : Niggas out here having great relationships with they real fathers smh
Me too. If I forget, downgrade me.
What a historic night. According to reports, #binladen is dead. My thoughts, gratitude and prayers are w/our troops. Thank you.
What a great catch up. Korea it is! Let's do this again soon...
Need to make lesson plans for my student. She is in Grade 3. Her Star tests were last week. During practice she was failing and I was hired.
I heard there was a photo of her leaving Justin's hotel, crying. Apparently Forbes said Justin was Single so I'm confused.
Looking for a GREAT venue for this summer's company outing? Think ! Your staff will love you for it! :)
actress is a comedian named Stephanie Courtney. Charactrer's name is Flo & she has a Wikipedia entry out there.
“: I would have banned coaches/players for life” Ditto!
Stop making my phone buzz , loser ! ;D
where do you wanna go to college?
You need to change your twitter avatar bro!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card coaches challenge mark Jackson maybe just what this team needs moving forward
One Hour Til They Will Be Having In Studio Today To Promote His Show Tomorrow With
Good luck with your move! Every time I've moved, I always feel like I've been hit my a train afterwards! Even using movers!
Miami this weeknd? ;)
Hmm, perhaps. Some was in play pre-Free State as well though. & Yeats worked from within Irish canon/hierarchy. Can't [+]
Watch our dear friend and client Patti creator of on the Morning Blend at 9:20 today on her new studio, make-up by
point is not what happens2u but what u do getting thru it when it happens2 be better than u were before,not painted 4mos need to start soon
So beautiful out! I love fall!!
When I open my eyes, all I see is money.
Actually that's totally what it means, come to think of it.
stop the traffic, LET EM THRU!!
“: How dude gonna snitch on someone just because he didn't get invited for tacos?" (via )
ok but i dont need credit thanks :D ill think but im watching glee...
Alright, you got me. I started singing it in my head during church.
Why, why, why does my car smell like dogfood?
Selling cells in my selling cell
My immediate response was "someone's been messing around with Firebug".
I can't be the only person in the world that wants to club baby seals every time I hear Tracy Wolfson say 'coach', right?
for sure... I can't wait until tomorrow man the haven't played since last Monday
best book i have ever read
Please Follow me! :)
Watch me on "The Doctors" on may 22 tuesday at 2 pm on channel 2!!!!! So excited!
As a VT Officer for the A.S.P.C.A., I’d like to sincerely Thank You for everything you do for Animals. You’re a good man!
RT I like the feedback!! Thank u to all who spit truth. Keep buying what u like n keep posting ur comments!
BIll Hanzlik won't be able to join us tomorrow, as his father just passed away... Our thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family...
Whoa total lack of ball handling by Nick Young.
what are the two birds, Bell drops out of the league and the Blazers get another GM to fire?
I'm judging the PrideFest parade!! I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night.. Just sayin..
Yes - so many connections! And truly, 21st c education should be all about connections
I prefer the view in your apartment(pants) :-p
my boyfriend is suppose to be helping me with my project but all he is doing is telling me to do it
I CAN'T WAIT TIL DEY PICK YA BOOKS UP FAH A MOVIE *PICKS UP TICKETS N YELLS* \(-.-)/ O YEAH
Pull it together Dej!! Gotta go get sum soup, a vernons, and somethin for my headache....this sucks
Buck up and be jolly, my dear lady! Stillbirth is a sign that God has a sense of humour!
I'm sure in another universe John McCain is wrapping up his first term and everything is frigging puppies, rainbows and zero unemployment.
A few tickets still left for joint journalist groups' High Note holiday party at Solare Dec 15, only $20. Tix at www.sdpressclub.org.
Same here. And if I have to take algebra again I'm going to be pissed.
Hey did anybody see on the news that kim kardashian is going to run for mayor. PLZ GOD NO
No strong preference, but it's hard for me to imagine a more tech-d. text that wouldn't induce serious eye rolling.
Happy Easter all
Watchin wrong turn 4 i am so scared:((_____________:((
Disappointed with how the bulls as a team are playing
Don't mean to let you down, but it ain't summer yet! I know it felt like it last week though. :)
My shoelace came untied. is to blame! What a jerk...
If little kids R waiting in freezing temps 4bus that came&left 2quickly people in charge need 2B more responsive not misleading
really doe
I'm sending good thoughts to you and your mom.
Reminds me of train trips as a child of 8 in India of 50 years ago. Journeys would last 3 days and nights, and the compartment ..
I can't have this conversation on Twitter.
was bitter cold last night & some rain, sunny now though :)
I get to go to Lilly on Tuesday! So excited for this job :)
I really have the best man ever. Writing my paper while #Will makes me a healthy dinner.
Oh no!! ALSO - did you remember to get your camera????
Looking to get into music business? Are u Smart, personable & reliable? Avail a fair amount of Thurs-Sun? email asap!
I understand you don't respect the way I live my life, but don't disrespect it.
Done with 2 now 4 to go.
hello wanted to say hi and wihs you a wonderufl week. take care
I met a girl at 17 thought she meant the world to me she turned out to be a cheat
More vets are surviving injuries but what does this mean for quality of life as they age?
well on any night Danny was feeling it he would have him on the bench but he isn't and he is frustrating James well enough.
I am so glad #TheVoice is back!
Bradshaw: complex markup and linking create complex data structures. E.g., scribal profile+images+image polygons+commentary
THANK YOU so much for helping spread the word!
#Thewantedfollowme :D please follow!!!
WASSUP EDITOR IN CHIEF. i see we both follow ... wooden teeth field trip?? please?
sounds delicious!
“Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.” ~Frank Sinatra
Haha, yeah. I also woke up at 10, so I think I would of been a tad late if a went.
*crosses fingers*
I was recently in ur area speaking at Unity of Wimberley. It's nice to meet u on Twitter. Welcome!
ty so much! its been a long journey full of ups n down! never gave up even when i thought i wanted to. going to bed now! night
Fresh Cut <U+2702>
Agreed! It's like when the Hemingway heirs licensed the signature rifles. Stop living off the family genius.
It Took Me All Day To Find Some Inspiration !!
RT : Credentials like APR show you have dedication, passion, skills for your chosen profession beyond education, experience
Mom, I love you!
OH MY GOD!!!! JUSTIN POSTED A VIDEO ON VIDDY AND HE WAS DOING A PHOTOSHOOT SHIRTLESS AND YOU CAN SEE HIS MUSCLES!! I'M DYING HE IS SO SEXY
Back from school got a lot of homework
Who has advice on zipcar as an alternative to car ownership?
Keep seeing LaDanian Tomlinson () on NFL Network today; hope that doesn't mean retirement coming soon.
your my inspiration for chasing my dreams. i hope to meet you one day so i can let you know that you have changed my life. :)
Tonight at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale: It's a Toga Party!! And Join Sat for MILF Party w/ Pole Dance Contest!!
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation... Who is there to connect?
He would have an aneurysm at a Duke practice RT New Post -- Don't even think about flopping in front of Jeff Van Gundy
I can't believe anyone fell for that "supermoon" nonsense. It didn't even have a cape! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Final round of edits on my #SLP are done! Now off to get it printed and bound!
Idc he's still washed up lol
#timewarnercablekc please figure out why my history channel isnt working. I want to watch the Swamp People.
“A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.” - Christian Dior
You are welcome!
Im using the shampoo bottle as my cowbell on the third chorus!
For all your Web Design/Graphic Design needs I suggest you speak to
Just signed up for August's #Baltimore #Foodmakers event. The theme is peppers.
That's a real flavor, by the way.
didn't I see the Prez Airlock that guy once :)
One Week One Tool?
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Keep the Beat LA chant going because you're still getting shutout 3-0 right now. Heyoooo!
#IGNITIONWest peeps: check out our Juice Bar today, complete with charging station to "juice" up your phones :)
Whoa, never drive another mile!
follow back?
No longer top of East. Still have game in hand on Red Bulls. Must crush Rapids. Time to start the charge PV.
I never realized how often I visited Wikipedia until they turned it off.
Pierre Corneille~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
The college I went to is getting a new AD. Looks pretty much like a younger version of the current one. Kinda scary.
I am cool,
Snow, where? In sunny SoCal.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Cooking Chinese. More difficult than it seems! Will probably order Chinese food.
Sounds like this crowd must be from Alabama or Arkansas.
GAH!!!! RT : Really, Twitter? Tweets from two weeks ago are no longer searchable? Really?
*wears a whistle, listens more, mot hearing voices. Heads to kitchen, calling out softly*hello hello?
I'll ask him to come over whenever we hangout!
When that money go, u should see me chase it; got a little weight but I move at a steady pace its; money talks conversation in staks
Person: do you have a boyfriend? Me: are you making fun of me
Happy birthday sophiaa<(
dark chocolate almond granola, I am your bitch.
Thank goodness I get payed tomorrow.
Stormy week in MN!
Just finished gettin' it in at Ballys in Melrose.... Had a good day today... Stayin' Humble & Countin' BLESSINGS!
insert many expletives here.
amen! (stupid raisins!)
Excellent. Thanks!
Had a good time with him. Sleep is what I need now .
There is no such thing as true friends anymore everyone is fake af
Hey Tweeters! Follow Me On Here If You Haven't Already Done So, #ThankYou :D
we have a campmance on our hands!
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
always but its a good busy. I hope you all are having a productive enlightening weekend!! I'm off for now, more in the eve!
Bad day for insurance companies first farmers now geico crash out in the race no wonder nobody wants to insure these guys
Thank you to "EQT - Where energy meets innovation" for sponsoring the stage at the 2009 Indiana County Fair!
I hate doing overnight sometimes
I #amwriting posts, poems, articles, and working on a website---in that order. Busy Wednesday!
I like the way you think.
Yeah Doe!
"security through obscurity is problematic" #mdl11 from Eric Celeste
If you need any tribal energy tips tweet me.
#smbmad If it goes on that long nest time we will have to order in Pizza and burgers to sustain us. I am famished!
um ok.
on to my sons basketball game love watching 7 yr olds play ball. Good luck Gage!
For sure. FOLLOWED (:
Every week on the #sharktank they should have a dunking tank with a huge rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked !
Right?! You think after that I should be able to do anything.
You bet they did! - The B Side RT : Wow... crowd sure did love 's "Memphis Lives in Me" tonight!
uh oh what happened la chica?
I want you to want me as much as I want you
wanna join me? :D
of course, behind are some good folks at One Economy, but the contest also gives full rights to AT&T, for better and worse...
Ushered in the new year singing Holiday in Cambodia on RockBand 3. All is right in the world.
aww i guess #himym will never be honored the way it should be at
Who's interested in a contest?!?!? Details to come soon!
Broadcasting Live Tonight
my first real hack!
Great!! I can't complain!! Grindin' n jukin', trackin' n jackin'! Great sprit and energy these days. #turnupseason!! ;-)
At the library waiting to go to the indiana room with
Check out 's new track "turn it up" by Young Siic via #soundcloud soundcloud.com/young-siic/06......
Stop. Consciously relax the crown of your head. Breathe. What do you notice?
After a fairly victorious Koontown weekend, I've just been hit by three setbacks in a row. Oh, well.
Pure Rock & Roll
What's it about
The moment a child is born, the mother is also born.
What gets you out of a rut?
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
wonder if there's a spread opportunity maybe? Don't have any data here... Thinking "out loud"
So being pretty is easy right? Sarcasm ...What about the senior co workers who treat u like crap because of their insecurities?
Yeah. I've been avoiding smokers to avoid temptation. I'm still afraid I'll cave. But, you're right - giving crap goes nowhere.
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
I am with you. When I hear "peanut butter" and "banana" I am sold.
What I needed
But not because of Pierce Brosnan.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
DO NOT WISH TO BE ANYTHING BUT WHAT YOU ARE! Well... ok then. PDRR Man IS 24/7 Mitigation 'n Restoration 'n Reconstruction Services! Yay!
watching on <3
seriously Mike?..us ranger fans dont care about how John treats you leeches? He's doesnt like you guys but he loves his team
i bet your ass is jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth
morning all #TGIF we made it
how often do you listen to unsigned artist to see if they got that hotness?
To book email:
why is everyone in such a rush for me to get married?
To all of the Preachers, Ministers, Politicians, Coaches & Leaders: Did God call you or did you call yourself?
Me wit all these curves & you without no brakes...(O) lolz!
I want to suffocate CEOs of corporations with my hairy asscrack.
Very proud Mama! My daughter passed all her classes and now has a Masters degree from Smith college! And she is only 23 yrs old.
Finally got my drip sprinklers set up. Now the pretty stuff can stay green!
RT : The Physcis equations on the background white-boards of #BigBangTheory are real and changed according to each show's theme.
4 n e body doin music,got studio time cheap! @ a great location $20 a hour!real nice spot! hit me up on FB r TWTTER 4 MO info..1Shot
I don't think I feel like school tomorrow
Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong.
Yeah Buddy :o
I wish I could quit my job
8.36 minutes of perfection. Suite Sioux. Red Clay.
I think we definitely need to score one of these.
I wish Dolly Parton followed Miley :) they were on a show together :)
Unless people sign up for class tonight there won't be a 6AM class.
I'm just saying there's a lot of OF better at the plate than Markakis. He might be better than all of them in field tho
you should follow me cause yolo
Hiking Tips From The Experts
Mike are you performing in Milwaukee anytime soon. Caught you in MKE last year or so and would love to see another show
alright, we'll do it next week.
#tympani pedals bass line with #tabla. Three three minute #improvisations. Repeat as desired.
#WeDontMissSelena we really dont I love however made this trend(;
The DMV is the worst place ever, there's so many people here
you're gonna totally dominate your ultra. Let the training take over - and keep me posted, I want to cheer you on :)
love you boo bear <3
Thank You Danny. Yes, it's a wonderful story!
In this world we created, in this place that we live
omg Austin in so sorry, I'm crying, I can't believe this....there is no words to explain how sad&sorry I am 4u
haha well he's not having a M&G and I'm not gonna stak him...ill be stalking BTR hehehe
you not gonna slap NOBODY
I should have stayed in bed today.
Sounds great! Let me know when you are in town. :-)
No electricity O.o for 5 hours O.o No TV for 5hrs O.o no
Loves funny cops. He made my night :)
Rob Lowe is now tweeting that he knows what is being said on the 18-minute gap accidentally erased by Rose Mary Woods. Get me rewrite!
- cool, see you then.
I LOVE YOU <U+2665>.<U+2665> Follow back please!!!!! SNOOKI YOU ARE GREAT! Love watching #JerseyShore just to see you u.u
That was the hardest yet the sweetest walk yet - 8.3 miles... #WalkAcrossAmerica June 5 leaving NY - LA for
except the Kindle. and Word.
Said hi to today :b shyest!!!;b <3
Darrell what are you up to these days?
For shame, North Carolina. SHAME.
Where are you located dude?
Where the fuck are the tour dates?
Got a iPhone for Easter
The "g" on google looks really kinky today in honor of the long departed Keith Haring.
Less than 1" of snow at Comanche / Louisiana. Streets and driveways are clear and dry.
We have SO much catching up to do -- what's your weekend looking like?
I don't know what Nagra st49s are, but my former landlord on Vashon was a prop master for "the wonder years". So much cool junk.
the orphan or the magician?
#RT for a
Oh, hey, Internet, I didn't know it was 11.11.11 until you told me. Thanks for telling me 82 times so far today.
Best freebie of the day... t-shirt from the
YO GIRL, turn your skrillex down. it's not even 8 AM.
heres a ??. if Pats lose. how big is their window for another title?
Im just going to go home and sleep.
follow and RT and u may win!RT : hello i would like to know what are we supposed to do to win the wonderful cd?
#madison Louder. Good gestures, posture, poised. but LOUDER. There's a lot of drama in the content you can use.
it's not fair that I sit here and think about you and You sit there thinking about her..
New appreciation for a good restaurant management. I've seen a place absolutely fall apart in about 3 weeks when the manager left.
This is it ! It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !!
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile just by saying your name... :)
#WhenImAlone I think about how it used to be <3
If you're ever in Los Feliz go to Cap n' Cork liquor store. 10 freezer cases full of the best selection of craft beer I've ever encountered.
Hope solo is effinn gorgeous ! She's so hot ! Go team USA
RT : Are you coming to for dinner tonight to see ?! #SobeWff Grand Tasting...
love you baby girl :D <33
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee.
Advertisement appears now!
you were def with me!
#youknoyoughettowhen every color ever made is on yo finger nails while you wearin a pink, purple, and orange dress with white and pink shoes
Wish that I could steal away for a while...
Got to see my son ' band Your Last Decent rock with Honour Crest (WV) at Sonar last night. Great show
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Dear GetGlue: Uh-oh.
lol im making myself look desperate meanwhile you keep going from girl to girl, LMFAO GET REAL BITCH
need to read....will i? prolly not
follow the these boys too they #liveaf-----.>
you donate a lot of tweets yeah?
Trade proposal: Chris Johnson/Jay Cutler for Beanie Wells/Cam Newton. Stupid or smart?
Don't worii, it's okay :) RT sorii that was just #random lol
Cadillac, Mini and Ford are accentuating the stick shift in ads in response to consumer interest in cars that drive more like sports cars.
You got lucky..lol..
Tip: If logged in, you can create a Twitter list of any FollowEDU Interest page using the "Create List" button.
He should be... he was in the damn movie!
Aye what's up? Are y'all good this afternoon? Well I hope you are :) c'ya later my dimples .•_____•. :)
I just saw you...
cheer up buttercup! :)
Thanks for the like, Wendy Heniken Cooper! We look forward to working with you!
ha ha we were talking about Real Housewives of New Jersey and having a throwdown with the spoiled biatches
I finished my dayjob project with the Defense Dept today! Just believe me when I say this has been bane o' my existence for a year.
one word to describe today: homosexual.
Today's BTU inspiration: "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." ~e.e. cummings
Looking for a contract web analyst with Atlas experience for a quick project next week. Is that you? @ me?
Them tacos were good >.<
are you teasing us crystal?
it's never too late!!
North Carolina's uniforms are straight
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world. -Kaiser Wilhelm
Best Chinese Food In The USA, well at least our followers say so.. Come On In For Lunch Today www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
<- This girl is very stoked! ": Say WHAT?! Our new record "Close the Distance" come out August 14th?!!!! Who's stoked?!"
I am
RT : Thank you Chelsea
Phone interview for newspaper article about a movie I wrote, acted in and produced. . . CHECK! :)
alright guys now im leaving oh yea follow me i follow back anyways
How do you mend a broken heart?
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." Enjoy your monday everyone!
Thanksgiving break! whoop whoop! :D
Proud of see you back on the east coast!
we just got to the hotel. Me and are in lobby sitting in front of elevators.
Here at the OLC Northwest Chapter conference. Presenting after lunch on "Fine-tuning Facebook."
I swear, I love you but sometimes you drive me insane.
Junior Seau dead... NFL lost one of the best linebackers ever to play the game
Knew hs teacher yrs ago who told me horror stories of good kids being dumped because they were inconvenient.
Talk about an opening line RT I just need to figure out where to stick that serial cable on my MBP.
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
I'm not speaking negatively about a player for making correct decisions. Won't change my mind on that one. Doesn't make sense to me.
... What else is it used for, anyways?
I really don't like having to root for the Patriots. It makes me feel kinda' dirty.
Gonna find my baby gonna hold her tight gonna grab some afternoon delight
No there were a lot of Swank people! Also some frenchies
What is wrong with folk now, I mean U talk 2 them in real life & they log on 2 Facebook & dry snitch the conversation & sequence of events!
or at least get a straw to slurp it up.
Ive been wanting to read more books, but twitter is like reading a book every day.
Just saw you on SC, looking good. How'd you like that drive to Eugene? :)
RT : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
Yay watching a movie
I'd seduce him no doubt
Happy birthday babyy ! you changed both of our lifes so much , were so proud of u congrats <3
The Pixies is good stuff!
March 17th, the only day of the year when everybody wants to be a ginger.
Pray for japan
get any fun stuff yesterday?
Thanks! (And amen.)
we condemn in others what we dislike in ourselves
Ah, there you are. Nice meeting and hanging with you @ #mw2012 !
But our friends are back, So let's raise a toast
Mexican food. Yum.
I knew i was doin somethin wrong haha RT : You can't shake a whore tree and expect an angel to fall out..
Maybe a tweet-o-matic?
And as such she deserves not to be personally attacked. Attack her position, not her personally, otherwise it's bullying.
I aint never met a nikka i would of made my right hands
Who wants to be my bestfriend On Here!!!!:D I'm in a good mood
Its hard holding the camera , and everyone else puts all your fat in the shot when they take your pic for you ..
got my taco bell. happy cinco de mayo to meeeeeh.
Thanks Mary! My inspiration comes from everywhere - even the amazing House of Drysdale. =)
An Artist Immortalizes His Father Max Ferguson spent decades painting hyper-realist portraits of his father around New York City, as both
#goodnighttweet Sweet dreams!
To bad I'm not into Mormonizism, I would love to live in UTAH!
Omar will be in Milwaukee today
for my hazel eyes, can u suggest a pretty eyeshadow pallette that will enhance my eye color?
We love having you as a member! :) RT : Finally got my facial done! I love being a member!
lockout better not dragout
trust us really soon.. Its a secret so keep your eyes peeled
Dude. Loved the "what is strategy?" post. Excellent stuff. Hope you're well, sir.
On Clinton's hand: studium shouts, punctum wounds. Punctum is the spark of contingency. A little hole in the surface. Her hand is not this.
Boys Fighting For The Ball! Funny moment caught
S/O to new follower
I'll do anything to see you smile
Sullinger, meet Payne.
I'd do anything to dance again.
#pens keep it alive
diving into Wed Anderson's films today. starting off with The Darjeeling Limited's short film 'Hotel Chevalier'
Paul Martin MUST be benched in game 2, Niskanen in. Sickening.
Wireless on Copley Lawn approved/ready by Spring '12, double-sided printing 5 cents/page - Kevin Murphy, Interim CIO
#WeLoveYouWhitney you will truly be missed
Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms.
Booking flights to Europe for a wedding later this year. So stoked.
Got to vent and it felt good .
#Isles ink Nabokov to 1 year deal, terms not disclosed as per Newsday
maybe it's just a cheap jersey. From a general sports store so not a rare specialized thing.
yup me to
Bonjour , I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email
love you my nigga
To get what is best for you, sometimes you have to give up what is most important to you...i am so sorry :/
These basketball games tonight gone be cracking i caint wait!!!
you and I know better than to settle. It's just not who we are. To be mediocre would be to slap one another in the face.
DANG! All This Hate On ? She's Gonna Be Trending By The Time You All Are Done With This!
you at your moms still bro?
It just won't end. How will cena vs the rock matchup.
Happy Monday! Enjoy the nice weather we are having today in
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.-Oscar Wilde
My dad just got club seats for the Ed Belfour Heritage Night game… March 25th cannot get here fast enough!
please explain why/how this happened hahaha
Linksys is good if you need something to run over in your new monster truck. Good luck on your tech adventure
I'm at the New York Electroacoustic Music Festival. Let me know if you're around, too!
It's 75 degrees in San Diego. My daughter & I are sitting on the Starbucks patio baking, enjoying the coffee, the sun & each other.
“: Was just thinking...last Easter in Las Vegas. The move is getting real! & I can't wait!” it's surreal!!
my girls in FL are currently enjoying your entertainment &all I want to know is when are you coming to cali so I can enjoy it too??
Flattering, but I am in my dream job right now--with tenure! Ain't goin' nowhere.
great minds think alike :)
Everybody needs some time, on their own. Everybody needs some time, all alone.
What are the top medications that you or a loved one need financial help with?
RT Insecurity Vs. Public Affection.......Are u broadcasting TRUE HAPPINESS, or broadcasting it JUST TO PROVE A POINT??
have u ever noticed the best teachers arent sought after but rather they always find you? :)
Thanks! Which would you recommend? I think I'll start a new Goodreads shelf labeled "RA"...
Just wanted you to know that #SteelerNation is behind you and hoping your knee gets rehabbed enough to prove
we saw #TheHungerGames yesterday, and it was so much FUN! FUN! FUN! we tweeted more details if you want
man everything
RT : general counsel comment - talking with OGC is great way to make admin aware of your DH project, impact
Thanks for checkin them out! <3 RT : Just listened to and loved them. :]
Thanks so much for the RTs & Hope your week is off to a great start!
skools almost over, hungry like always, come on bell ring!!!!!
I'm team #PhiPhiOhara #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
your a guy right? dont answer that. How do ou know if someonelikes you?
thanks luv .. make sure to let me kno wat u think !
All This SubTweeting , AT THEY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW IT'S REAL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Follow See my tweets about Grandpa Fred. We all need
New Kids On The block had a bunch of hits - Chinese food makes me sick. And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer." ::lfo::
Click the link and then go to entertainment heading. Scroll down and its on da right next to my pic.
Smx we keep working on the same project that is off target, simply bc we started, not bc it makes any sense to continue.
No decent free video editors I know of on windows. Ulead / Corel is good for $50, or Premiere Elements
Now that's truth that'll find ya sleepin' on the counch!
CW said: "Mind your business. The Secret Circle is a secret."
Great day for a walk! Can you believe it's nearly 50 degrees in Jan.?! Stop by to see us at Lake Bluff! 1300 N. Prospect
n what's that lol
that nigga Alan start laughing skie swear soon as I ask
Just left my first Y-Triple Threat class. Because my brain saw it and thought, "Hmm. Fun." It'll do anything for an endorphin hit. Junkie.
"The Loneliest Lion" ...
Ok but they still missed the same amount of free throws at the same time in the game.
HELL YEEAAAAAAA life is forreal like amazing right now
is offline on twitter ?
Thanks. I'll pass that along to the team. We program it exclusively for you. Didn't you know that? :) cc:
are you having a good day so far? Please tell me yes or I'll be sad
Good luck.....on your apartment. I just had an inspection in mine and I scored a new heater...
WTF is going on in this class
You should rule with fear... Like obama should just pistol whip the next leader he runs into
that looks like a fun night! I hope you behaved yourself ;)
So I walked up to "my car" and tried to unlock it, but it wouldn't. Is my remote broken? Turns out it wasn't even my car!
she was fine when i left school
Happy birthday Mike! Thanks for always keeping me clued in
So guys who are payed 100s of 1000s to millions risked it all to make an extra $1500, eh? Hell of a bounty. Whatever!
O, I am so directing "Porch Isn't Dirt"!
LaMichael James scampers down left side for 52 yard run. 2 pt conversion stopped by Beaver safety. Ducks take 34-33 lead!
Check out the new and improved website www.newbridgesballet.com I worked really hard on it!
Tra-la! It's May!
#NeverTrust a hot boy with light eyes
Follow me back, dick head. <3
We could have some pretty fierce hate sex though.
wow, big restructuring at harvard libraries. sending support out to colleagues there. is live-tweeting.
Happy bday to Milwaukee's original Ron Burgandy, ! You stay classy, Planet Milwaukee.
Things are going good. Just got the new myspace up. Going to play some basketball with my sniffly nose.
That's totally what tumblr is for XD
"WOW! (gasp) And why do I spend (gasp) an hour kick boxing (gasp)?" An hour sounds more impressive than 4 minutes Tawny :-).
he got fired from there unfairly, he working for ESPN in the LA studios now
If you stay busy thinking about right things, the devil won’t be able to fill your mind with wrong things.
Power outage has knocked out all of the college's servers, including Blogs@ Baruch. We will be down most of the day.
Bad girls club was the best last night OMG beat Up even no I love them both #team bad girls club!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*insert crowd from ANY wrestling show in the past 2 months screaming "YES! YES! YES! YES!"*
haha I know, they're great for the bongo drums c;
LA is deffinatly the best sports city.
Love that I got the chance to see tonight at ! It made my Tuesday infinitely better!
Skipped out on all the #ala11 partying tonight. Had quiet dinner with 3 other spectrum scholars, strolled crazy Bourbon Street, now bedtime
Politics is inherently social. ~
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow That I'm A Great Drinking Buddy : /
I think you are the most sweetest guy evr :)
never heard back from you. Ate you still looking for a co. for your class?
Noeleen: In crisis situations, there may be a dark horse at the company who ends up being a rockstar. Get more people media trained
I'm going to make an ad-hoc croque madame sadwich... so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice.
Lol I Know...Be Ready To Chump A Nigga Off
hey i see you in the t.v section
"What's he gonna do with that axe?"-girl next to me "He gon chop dem bitches up"-me
Always be shorter than anybody dared to hope. ~Lord Reading, on speechmaking
I got roku to watch movies on TV. Very intertaining.
At Partner Support Day at NetApp in RTP. The agenda is best practices around Cisco, NetApp and VMware. Should be a great session!
“: lol I was being sarcastic lol” oh, I know. Don't worry
s/o to for the follow....
Yur So Pretty
Does anyone have any connection 4 cheap hotel las vegas 4 911 rally?
night buddy!
Preciatee yours to.
& you looked SO good!! "That was divine."
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there!!!
it's been a min since i been on here hey hey
My advice would be to invest in a TARDIS
I read all the books, want to see it. cc
oh I was working the snap hook w/ the wind big time
I fuckin hate you, but, maybe if you looked in this direction, i'd pick my heart up off the floor an put it in my chest then [ASTR]
might wanna google that and see who been rocking the name for years my g
that was cool as the fam - let's see if we can't link up again b4 the end of the month. i'm ready when u r!
I'm going to my cousin's house because she just graduated.
I was in Madison last night, will be in MKE til Saturday morning when I head down to Cho=i
Time to go help my sister again... so much to do. Have a gReAt Day :)
Lee and Halladay are amazing pitchers. CC is so good because hes just such a horse. but hes not an amazing pitcher.
: Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
American Fluorescent rebrands itself as AFX Lighting at #lfi2012 to better represent its range of energy-efficient options.
ha love my life
Been thinking about one of those for our Charley to remedy carsickness. Let me know if it works.
I'm surrender. They're all not my type, you CAN"T put me in the same room with them!!!! YOU CAN"T
My pleasure.
Banaji thinks our open society for immigration is what will keep US ahead! India And China don't do this. How we teach about us-them is key.
haha i am a lazy prick at heart! I asked my wife for my birthday and she thought i was joking.. slippers go on right when i
"The thing about Ders is, he's supposed to die tonight. I'm on a real spiritual high right now brother."
24 days until #RnRAZ.. Stick to the training plan through all the holidays and parties..
Sorry I'm kind of out of it at the moment! Ck your DM!
FJOENJFALIHJFLEINFIAFLEA if i got to meet them....i would totally do something bold to make them remember me. ;) ;) ;)
#InstantTurnOn Boys in a band. Like um. #MyOnlyHero ?
good night sleep tight :)
that ain't a tattoo. That's an imprint because you passed out on top of the emblem
Great place to watch the game too RT : Von Trier. Still an east side treasure.
let's get weird halloween weekend.
raiders going to Superbowl baby :-)
Jeanne love to hear about any examples of iPads in the corp classroom. Looking to pilot at SBDU
Yes. :) Let me see if I still have your number... Is it the same?
Ever get out of work so late and you can't wait to go home but when you get there you can't sleep.... Crap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I had to unfollow Paula Deen because she was unwilling to spell things correctly.
Music touches us on every level, congrates to Ludavig Bource for Best Original Score!!!
Just got back into NYC LGA last night sad to leave CR but glad to be back.
Euro crew will be insane tonite at !!!! get ready for rock it!
Cup o noodles for the soul.
My ankle hurts.. I twisted it running weirdly to my grandmas and when I was at Sarahs :(
Thanks!!! It's good to know what's going on.
why do you have court lol
"Black Diamond" is still my favorite Replacements song.
Today I'm working on my performance evaluation paperwork, which entails taking stock of a lot of my past, including student evaluations.
Going to the library on a Saturday on Cinco de Mayo should be illegal.
Baby monkeys?
Umm could Minneapolis get any better. Walked in2 D'AMICO & they offer us 2 comp ticks 2alvin ailey dance across the street 2nite!
I didn't know that women went to spin class wearing jeans skirts...
You're honestly the most inspiring person.<U+2665> You give me hope.<U+2665>
Life is a bitch and a slut... It's easy
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY:1884's Horse Act; Treas Sec issues rules for attys & agents- precursor of today's tax preparer registration.
bro its too early for this lmao
Stomach still feels a bit weird, but no puking today. Phew.
Lara Quigaman changed her dress. I love the color! Green. :).
It's 11 o'clock on the dot I'm in the same spot, sitting on the couch....
can we switch twitter names?
Hey, that's me! :) Thank you for talking to us..and putting up with the wind/rain. Really enjoyed meeting your traveling trio.
Yea my feeling hurt a Lil but its cool so if u want me to stop texting u or calling u just say so I promise I'm try my best not to call
This is embarrassing so far #Packers. Smoke and mirrors all season?
I wish I had more UK friends so they could gift me shit that's on their iTunes but not in the US iTunes store. Grr.
Strangely enough, I only know a few facts about him. Hmm. Guess I better read something!
My friend dared me to use a highlighter all Day. Aha.
Who is going to the show on Saturday?! We are so stoked to play with all the bands! :D
My eyes are always greener after a good cry. Guess its the human version of a rainbow after a storm.
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do. -French
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
i told you not to call me bro -___- & yeah wiff yo' eye closed xD
You got it! So happy for you - I was your reader yesterday. I think I deserve partial credit for this :) CONGRATS!
Got some at the Banff Mtn Film Festival over the weekend, looking forward to giving it a try.
The shit annoys TF outta me!
I'm going to be an arrogant bitch and say you should feel blessed at my presence
when do you get out ??
Happy New Year 2012
yall still recording bro
Aw, you are so sweet. You too, Lisa!
hm... I wonder if is giving anything away for #ala12. I wish they'd mention it or something :-)
I was trolling the message boards on ESPN in the hockey section and my god are the Philly people whiners.Everyone is against them apparently
do people still go to bonaroo?
NP: Master Cylinder - Jung at Heart, Channel 53 on Sirius always bumpin those funky hipster jams!
About to see the Capitol Steps in DC. The average age of the audience appears to be 60. and I are Tearing. It. Up.
Still got it. Amazing run after 4 days off
please! :) inspire me to finish my paper
Yeah! Tampa beats Caps 4-2. Thanks for that!
I would take green over Perkins too
I was raised never show a girl how you really feel...i learned my lesson many times but i still do
Can one of those Oscar nominated sound editors fix the mic?
I honestly have no idea how Bobby Valentine got the Red Sox gig. Does he have nude pics of Larry Lucchino? That is the ONLY explanation.
Butler recruit Kellen Dunham will play No. 5 Kokomo in the 3rd place game of the Hall of Fame Classic at 6. Locally televised on WHNB 40.
Want to visit Hawaii Norwegian has great deals including airfare! Come sail away on Norwegian Pride Of America! Details contact me!
Living up to your expectations is a good feeling
Hey, thanks! I just checked out your blog - I have multiple favorite pens, too. Some may/may not be stolen from co-workers...
Playing around with my new 32gig 3Gs Iphone!!
haha in the past hour I was watching Grease with my mom lol
excited to see Sharon Jones & the Dap Kings! they put on a helluva show!
thanks Jameson! every tweet helps!
Last time I checked, Klout said I was "influential" on robots. Now it's warriors. Are 12-yr olds following me?
Dismissing someone as a "hater" seems to be the preferred defense mechanism of the thin-skinned and the fraudulent.
:) not much wbu?
Like.. Who dance battle?
isn't letting me request invite via twitter button. Keeps crashing out of APP.
i love aubrey oday so much when you were in danity kane that i named my daughter aubri lol keep up the good work.
Adele is the best! I love her!
I should slap you for even saying that.. You dont understand how stupid you sound
Lmao the acting is always so terrible.
May 3 is the longest day of my life!!!
Jaelene Hinkle for Tech has their best opportunity so far for an equalizer, but puts it over the bar. Play is back and forth.
The most boring tweets ever are on thanksgiving. I really don't care what you are thankful for.
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal Email at US peeps only.
humanities must take the high road, or must fight back, or must attach themselves to authority figures or rival bullies, etc.
You'll truly be miss Anthony. #RIP <U+2665>
Looking forward to hearing more as #thatcamp +/or similar panels (unpanels a la unconf?) dev for AAS
Wireless is down at Holiday Inn French Quarter. At least I have my Droid so not totally cut off from the world. G'night.
designing some one sheets not to sure how I feel about this.. Think they are out dated why not make a web video?
Florence undoubtedly a fan favorite in Buffalo. Always engaging. Pick 6 vs. Pats will never be forgotten. But, #NFL's a business.
Sometimes I just want to stop caring because the more you care the more you have to lose.
Eid Mubarak everyone. Having a great time meeting people, hearing about their issues and working with my volunteers.
about to eat
Survival week is rapidly approaching
Or a water on the rocks. Lol
Blanket over head makes hangover less painful...
I love post-fights with the BF. "Rub my feet!" "Ok." "Pour me some wine!" "Ok." "Bring me a Klondike bar!" "Ok."
dat nigga look like a alien in a person's body LO_OL
what u think about that afc championship game?
#santacon is coming next Saturday 12/10...so excited to bring back taco Santa
have a great time with the show tonight. Pictures, please!
Liaisons want to know which databases are in what discipline
man i pulled out my heart 101 shirt n burst out laughin...were u there that night wen tt was she wants the dick?
Yes of course!
You gotta love ARkansas
Finally hopping on the twitter bandwagon.
Ty Lawson is just unbelievably fast.
I am trying to follow the Union vs Foothill Football Game
CH caused retaliation...like I said, brushback gets brushback...hit gets hit. Not retaliate after hitting franchise player?
I have arrived in beautiful AZ; what to do before rehearsal? My options: Spring Training game, wilderness riding on a wild mustang, tacos.
If the purpose of #opengov is to get info out there: play nice. If to gadfly: well done, don't change a thing.
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it? - DvL
#ImMadBecause your a douche to my best friend
You can't ever gain respect until you show respect first. Your first act of communication is to show respect to whomever you are talking to.
Some TV shows arn't quite bad enough. So while they air, they put graphics bottom of the screen to promo upcoming crappy movies. Makes sense
Much respect for those that rock the chest hair. You headed to Miami next month?
Say dat shit dub! RT Yall Celtic Fans get off my TL HATING ON THE Lakers cause The 76ers got in y'all ass !!!!
I could eat skyline everyday of my life.
I just finished the Diablo 3 beta as the Wizard. Which one next? Found a few bugs and posted them up on the D3 forums. Looking good!!
Oh hey there stranger! How have you been?!
Happy mothers day to all the great mommys out there :-)
Thank you, A BUNCH :D
Indeed! Or sooner, if my wife can land an interview at Dartmouth...
Read Sally Perkins experience about developing and performing a story for the Frank Basile Emerging Stories, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
I'm in the yearbook and my name is spelled right...I guess that makes my life complete.
oh my god I'm literally crying holy omg my beautiful baby holy balls
Having an early Americanist sense, i think west of the Alleghenies! Not so 21st cen though. RT : What is the West to you?
Is it just me or does Emily remind anybody else of Dolly Parton? I hope she busts out with a little 9 to 5.
With how Goodell & Bettman have ruled on punishments 4 head shots recently, I'll be surprised if Stern doesn't suspend Artest thru playoffs.
Someone needs to start loving #fun. as much as I do so I don't have to go see them alone!
is watching "The Tillman Story." Outstanding.
I scream, we scream, nigga we want ice cream!!!
your arms too short to box...but Thank God your legs are long enough to stump "The Hell out of the devil"
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
U can't 4get Kurupt was from philly though.. 2Pac was baltimore I think? WestCoasters now though
***PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT*** Its #HappyHour Milwaukee, you know what to do!
Yes, Dracula is good!When Jonathon meets Dracula it gets creepy! It's interesting to see what fears D embodied for Victorians.
i like my beat fast, & my base down low. (;
here fishy fishy fishy
I love you so much, that's why the sun shines bright even on a rainy day because of the love for you!
I love love love tumblr, before the f*ck yeahs even! I have a few anon blogs floating around the tumblrsphere
"It's very obvious that we are very concerned. We've set up emergency operation centers," CDC spokesman Dave Daigle told AFP.
I'm taking my shirt to Panama City Beach, is that bad luck?
Cool never out trumps revenue.
Listening to Lana Del Rey's new album. You either love her or hate her...we love her so far. Very NYC-pop.
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
FWD: Yay! Today is PETA's 30th anniversary! :) Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today. Spread the word! <3 peta2
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle.
It takes place around DC, so it's fun to wander around and find places I know.
Tensator Named &quot;Cool Vendor&quot; by Leading Analyst Firm
kool..I tweeted them all. Also Bollig.Ben Smith, Carter Hutton, & Asham. Lol...check & see later or tomorrow if they RT.
thank you! I have been dying to hear you talk about the book and your presentaion was great.
bestfriend dancing on the camera <<<
Oh Austin, Tx... I miss you Dearly tonight..... See you soon..
all moved in to the new office spot
movie kicked so much ass
Do us a favor and tag us in a tweet,telling all your friends why they should check out . We'll tweet right back at ya!
following back :)
And yet, you can probably go to a Gawker site and read all about blow jobs. See how this works?
Creating a dev environment for one of my #wordpress sites. Should've done this a long time ago.
I don't care I'f it's a Nickel Bag being sold in the park, I WANT IN!
Cramps,knee,ankle,shoulder,wrist. Yup told you I'm
First TBS gave Conan a home and now they're saving Cougar Town? I'm starting to like that network!
The Salvation Army's Food Pantry is part of an Emergency Assistance program to help prevent homelessness in Miami.
At kiddo's school watching the talent show auditions ... funny, talented and fearless kids!
Why does nobody ever mention Peggy's baby on Mad Men??
and the your "smang it" ring tone interrupted
Come see Shawn Tolleson talk at AFTRA L.A tonight! How to Launch your Best Year Yet!
OMG!! I bought a card to send. Envelope says "extra postage required." Just TRY to find out how much on the USPS web site.
SO close! I need to feel better! I swear I've been sick forever.
- yep, sounds awesome!
I'm so happy I have my mother and grandmother to tell me if I'm wrong or not
I haven't even been awake that long and today already kinda sucks.
6/10 11:25 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
Where's the feed that contains mic'd up caddies/golfers? Would have been incredible on championship Sunday!
Those good feelings>>>
Was this the source of the $8 matzoh ball? Was it studded with foie and topped with a fried egg? Side of kishke poutine?
Just saw the first pair of flip flops in March. What my Japanese co-worker calls "pushing toe" too early.
Imma changed man, just cuz you mean that much to me
I always say put your best goods in the front window....
You are pure genius - thanx!
Call us at 504-945-2181 and ask for Mikey.
Anyone know of a good #nptech chat?
Spend my day in Managua visiting grassroots orgs that battle sexual and gender based violence
#2FollowersThatShouldDate and I think they'd be so cute together :')
Damn you should passed a nigga a bottle then, haha go eat a sammich you'll sober up
Plus Go fuck yourself ! Grab a strap n bang yourself.
Yea prolly not getting any sleep tonight.
Financial skills are a commodity. Operational skills are precious.
Our hearts go out to Steve Jobs family. What an inspiration to us all!
yes ma'am baby! Monday!
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always be there for me .
it was under my fitted sheet on my bed... Haha I feel like a dumbass
Obama touts tough stance on illegal #immigration, calls for immigration reform.
Get after it!
The sad truth is LeBron is the most talented player on the planet but he lacks the mental toughness to be that guy. Which is why he defers.
we will miss you this weekend.
Virginia: Proof that first is the best. Ya done good, John Smith.
It has zero to do w the players. The ownership doesn't care about winning. All about $$$. I love the O's. Hate how they're run.
This looks great. Can't wait!
dnt say that
CL : ( i need his address to file a small court claim. did an intellius. moves around alot
what's up 7 iron lol
Finished another "Mardi Gras" edition of CUT-IT OUT RECYCLED T's..POP!
Or maybe, she's just in bitch mode.
I can't wait to go to Seattle. I'm getting my ticket ASAP.
you did??? where??
Public service announcement... You may resume your #wwf and #drawsomething games! #pcbw comes to a close tonight.
So I am too excited to go to this concert! Today is going to be the bast day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<33333333333
So #MotorCityWives might get picked up by VH1..I never watch those shows but might turn into a sucker just because it's Detroit.
Dang it
I can never have anything or anyone...
You finally have a Packer!
My dogs are soo happy that is it cooler outside so they can go walking again.
ARGH!! WTF??? I meet someone genuinely nice, who I really like and then he thinks I'm a pushover & can just walk all over me...
Oh. I think I'll go get my walker...and take a dose of metamucil...then join the 4:30 crowd at Frisch's...
Somewhat close to 1k followers.
Your arms around me tight, everything felt so right
However, NBC treats its shows fans like shit, so not surprised fans of NBC shows act like abused pit bulls. Can't really blame 'em
After reading a product review for the #GalaxySIII this morning, I'm pretty excited. The #DroidRazrMaxx is going to have to bring it.
Was god wit it everybody
RT : ESPN - Matt Meyers: "it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division"
been a 49ner fan SINCE EVER SINCE! I support the chargers but we all know how this is going to end!
RT : #DunwoodyFarmhouse What are you the most excited to see at the Dunwoody Art Festival? Be sure to co......
Ghost 3, got a great deal!
"I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start."
A protective boyfriend. >>>
Think about it. Why did we go to the Moon?
Drunk af !RT : How was everybody's cinco de mayo ...? I slept right on thru it
you and Jack were both phenomenal!
Just ate some 3-day-old #Mario's pizza so Twitter, its been real.
Health is Wealth.So take proper care of your health specially skin.
#TGIF #TFB #TeamSwagger get with me I keep adding new Vegas VIP packages for ordinary people to turn into celebrity over night! Dm me, holla
just heard chucho valdes has a new release this fall on emi. it's been years since we've been graced with some new music from this master.
#nw Hobo With a Shotgun
spring is in the air! Can't wait to start on my patio construction. Imagine - taking a cooking class and then dining al fresco! Yes PLEASE!
Unfriending, not upfriending. Can you tell it's Friday? I sure can.
will do.
You're a bacon of a banana!
St. Florian's Church has their festival going on next door, and I can safely say the cover band playing doesn't know any songs past 1987.
« I know A few of y'all be soo fake towards me but it's w.e *shrugs*»
follow her, she is my rbbito<3
Being annoyed&was about to punch someone in the face,but then I remembered,What Would Jesus Do?So I lit them on fire&sent them to Hell. >:D
i'll text ya right now! And wow you aren't supposed to agree! Lol. & me too. (:
I'm not going to let what you did to me, ruin my happiness forever :)
“: You know about Skrillex? You must be a diehard dubstep fan.” << Hahahahahahahahaha this is so true these days, lol
And it misses you too! :)
they did not approve lol
what u mean?
sometimes, you just gotta be the bigger person, suck it upp, & leave it alone...
Hoping for good weather for Saturday's
just chillin. wanting to get on chat with some people. but,,, im watching country music videos for right now.
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : this job search is so hard...
Heading to for the opening reception of “American People, Black Light: 's paintings of the 60s”
christmas party is always the sloppiest day of the year.
and we get our lawns watered. Happy Monday.
so not looking forward to this.. at all.
: You have such a beautiful smile <3
Time for a morning hike
Who sucks more? The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy #Justhookup, or the No-talent-assclowns who say "follow for 1,000 followers".
up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down
where they got u goin
The weather outside is weather!
gonna jump in my chrysler lebaron and gun it to 88
haha yea..... ill get on thtt. Mines gonna be soo bad.
did Deanna still go to prom?
you really are a city girl now!
When people lauugh and ask me what I see in you.. I laugh and tell them everything you dont.
Following the American Antiquarian Society for #AAS3rdCentury conference: Research Libraries in the Digital Age
All I gotta say is that it feels good to be a lifelong #Orioles fan these days...
haha dude it's pretty legit. Record it!
Faith No More.
As she runs a huge mech is in pursuit of her. Turns out she can turn invisible too, and another mech came to protect her.
who's know where u are @ this moment in ur relationship I jus hope u follow ur heart don't loose urself again.
I'M SOO IMPATIENT RIGHT NOW!!
Tweet me! <3
Aug Sat 31 ’13 Biggie East, Little Big West, Jimmy Eat Revenue $7m
Wine + train ride = amazing choreograph.. Lol
i need 2 ask do u model clothing
Can someone tel me why we r so wicked but if you like by the gun you will died by the gun i am a man of the!!!!!!! lord and man
A #writer works to #publish and see his work get into the hands of #readers. Thoughts about money are secondary; otherwise, the writing dies
#GLEE hypothesis: Rachel doesn't get into Niata (is that right?) and comes to instead? #pleasepleaseplease WE HAVE BUNNIES!!!
mother daughter breakfast. im modeling....yay... at least my twinny is doing it too (;
Omg I'm starving
When things arent the same with someone:/
Thx! Followed back :)
watching the #GrammyAwards Welcome back #Adele! We've missed you! And RIP #WhitneyHouston we will miss you. And congrats #taylorswift!
Thanks to my friend Hank Davis for a courageous run for the State Senate yesterday. He will continue to be a great public servant.
Interesting choice by Blake - but may be the right call
Oh cool! Have you heard David Lynch's recent album? It's bizarre, of course, but I really like the song 'Pinky's Dream.'
Right. And Daisy ad aired only once.
And TWENTY SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED IT.
You're not getting nudes of me. Keep on dreamin'. lmao
laguna hills lady hawks heading to Sacramento for STATE! Congrats!! Also, Celia Marfone our player of the game with 28 pts & 14 rebounds!
Got into it w/ some big black women at K-Mart . Ah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> wtf !
you were the first one. <U+263A>
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose. heading down there to get more details.
PS- was in your complex yesterday for an audition- love the image of Buddah on the door: immediate Zen :)
Ok, I'm up already, so there!
Freaking love your new song
I guess everyone deserves to have a second chance...
hi Warner Patterson
yo we straight. give a fistbump for me tho
sometimes :D
Thanks buddy!!
Pray for all those girls and leaders going on the retreat tonight! They need our prayers!
post things you want to talk about and ask questions that you have and respond to others, if you have time.
It's the spirit that counts! MT : 3 days before #Christmas: presents wrapped=0; cards sent=0; cookies baked=0; tree decorated=0
Minds only work when open.
Reading about Trademark law is as fun as constantly punching a porcupine.
Oh, hey look. Unemployment dipped to 8.1%. Not good. But considering GOP obstructionism, it could be worse.
I love all you guys a lot!:)
it's like the baby is committing suicide.
please follow me !!!!!
nah I'm thinking he's been cultivating that thing since the early 80s.
How was everyone's first day back?
*Girls ": Being jealous and clingy is NOT cute guys."
#coffeehouse someone just got asked. To prom!!!
We're open tomorrow & happy to cater 2 you and your office! RT : That's outstanding. Yes, I believe it would.
awkward. Love that word. Looks like its definition.
I want Spotify! I wonder how long it'll be till I get an invite.
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
remember when you told us what an upper decker is?
I'm not taking my mom no where, I'm cooking <U+263A> that only happens once a year.
this weekend could possibly turn out to be the best of my life! :)
Great weather today in #Pittsburgh! What projects are you working on today?
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Does anyone do original reporting anymore? I feel like the news media around here is just a giant game of telephone.
well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:)
Ugh what a long weekend... Drama drama... Cultural differences between my family and his screwed us over this weekend...
If someone tweets something nice about you, save it as a favorite and use on your site as a testimony says
maybe but im not going to like her like that and yes i did moved on ..
I want company but everyone iz at work GrRr
lol - ok i'll find something fun for us to do :) i owe you a call tomorrow anyway.
Hey Bob Ryan. Stop talking. Then go away like teenage girls in the 50's. Thank you for cutting him off!
Does it still count as a #Jerzdayyy celebration if I'm getting fucked up but going to miss the new episode?
not sure on that one yet, but I'm thinking you should share if you find it!
got my first catalogue with special effects equipment and life casting materials. So excited. Wish I had money!
More recording today! Maybe vocals.
“ hawaiin punch use to be the shit”
Coilunders on a z
oh ok well I appreciate you clearing that up for me ;-) I hope you get laid soon so you can go back to "normal" lol
#FF Follow -- Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando
Im OK looking like the guy that would beat up an angel. RT : wishes he looked like an angel
my eyes hurt, that shit was nasty -.-
Loved it! So much better than Coke and Pepsi.
I just feel like I'm about to go insane.
Great job on your 5k accomplishment! It's great to see people achieving their #health goals :)
So I'm 21 today, finals are done with til monday....What do I do now?
got kidnapped by George Bush. He took you to yo grandma house
Glad i didnt get caught in the rain
Sure! Send a detailed email to .us. They will help answer your questions!
Heading to my last Monday at with some pretty wonderful people.
DAMMMNNNNN :D ": Tweet me the first word that pops in your head when I say "Mindless Behavior""
Tonight i'll hand wash until bed time.
someone's mad abt something, someone else is overly sensitive abt something & someone is being a douche, typical twitterday
RT : Love seeing N. Irving get picked in the 3rd round - He is a VG ILB who has overcome major injury to become an NFL player.
Allegro Dance Company is officially working on their new show "All Roads Lead to Rome" -very excited for summer 2012!
I am totally content with the fact that I've eaten WAY too much chocolate today. And this week.
All dressed up for cupcake tea at the Ritz. Yep. Then home to change for Dead Weather show later.
Once again Pres. Obama takes the wind out of the sails of Repugs by showing in Afgahanistan & giving inspiring speech to troops.
RT : I totally finished the #24hr #Zine Challenge, but I am still at the to staff while these other dudes...
it's hard to believe, let alone accept
When I tell a joke.. Please laugh
Middle-aged guy at the coffee bar this morning seemed kinda angry that no one watched the Grammys. Sorry, dude.
I asked Google if they would do it for their dataset. Not sure what they are going to do.
Hey Trelly! Good morning to you too. Yeah I'm on this :)
Eating in Lousiville, KY on the way back home to TN. You know when it's real. I'm guessing we do.
With no #rain in sight for the next 8 days I think its time to give the #Jeep a bath!!
I wanna get white girl wasted with
waiting for my computer to be fixed....
Full Moon in #Virgo today! Great for writing, taking care of details, communication, cleaning. Watch out for worry, criticisms, depression
Life is to beautiful, but so fragile. Every breath counts,every moment matters.
“: If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes.” Even with your eyes closed you can tell theyre dykes
Are we done with the severe weather? has your forecast at 11 on
now that is gone the real party can start! (Why'd it take her so long to leave? sheesh!)
would go to hungry games at 12:04, but my tire has been leaking all day & w my luck would be flat at 2am & i'd be murdered waiting for A
Thanks! And there going to get better!!
Ben has been up since a little after 4:30am.... :/ at least he is ready for
Where is it a 24 hour gym with a court?? I have to get my shot right for the summer..
This. Made. My. Day. Easily one of the best games I've played- somewhere I still have my old cards.
have you started booking house shows yet ? i know i saw that someone has one already.
thank god for another day of waking up happy easter to everybody
Just what shopping!
IKR! They were sitting right by the door the morning I left. #epicfail will not happen EVER again!
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
Laser hair removal on my underarms...they recommend not wearing deo. And. I sweat a lot. laser is supposed to help that too
Hanging out with Hannah and Avery! And my day was good really tired though! My voice is worst then last night;(
Bout 2 get ready to Hit the streetz!!!! Holla at me if u see me...
RT : I figured...but it certainly applies! Happy #FF!
Recommendations for a good tattoo shop in #Pittsburgh that does typography?
"Newspapers are for old people" - Sophia
I love it when you call me big papa(; #choppin'it
We're excited that today kicks off the first day of a month of #springtraining! Anyone going to be enjoying some games in March?
The last wal mart run of college.
I don't know. Maybe that's a little harsh. And here I am talking to myself on twitter. Yeah, that's how I entertain myself when I'm bored.
woke up with Qdoba salsa on my jacket sleeve...it was a good night
Montgomery Co. Maryland is under a tornado watch until 9PM. Please be safe and alert as the weather moves through the area.
Using leftover pork shoulder for quesadillas w cheddar & salsa fresca: yum!
sorry but that is a no from me
7 of the top 10 #google #trend topics right now are lottery related.
If this doesnt get you to buy a ticket, nothing will. Just in: Mega Millions jackpot has jumped to $640 million
"intimate immensity" is an apt name for the indescribable collection of Larry and Susan Marx...opening tonight @ Hammer
what's up with that secret serum???? Whey and what else? Good stuff.
Follow me and you won't regret it...
But as long as its here... RT : The sun don't shine forever.
www.myspace.com/YoungJSantiago
NEW FLAVOR ALERT: Moonlight Swirl is now carrying Cake Batter Fro-Yo. Stop by today and give it a try!
RT It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase 'As pretty as an Airport' appear. -Douglas Adams.
Skimmed it. Does it say something about the black bloc working for the cops? I agree BB is terrible and harmful.
That's hard to do around here
ask Britt.
Hey , we're playing Adjacent Spaces! Right now! Suggestion: grocery store. We're moving all over this store, real-time.
Colors greatly affect
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen This damn essay :/
Time to #dowork on this final paper! :)
I hope all of our friends goint to UT is okay. I know he didnt shoot anyone, but its still a tragic incident.
Lol! Nanny Nanny Boo Boo, Stick Your Head In DooDoo! ;D
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw County until 11:45 AM
thanks alot! same to you!
Which type of training do you prefer? or #Crossfit?
Looking forward to the golden nuggets
Thanks! Yeah my mom has no faith in people who "Tweetie" stuff!
So very deep in Texas right now. Looking forward to seeing our boys . real soon.
#sschat, The sts write scripts for newscasts or reinactments, use a rubric to keep sts on track for writng,let them be creative for filming
sometimes others are depending on you not to fail. Like your children. I think that is where the fear often comes from.
Alright man.
Its great man...a lot to learn and refresh...so far so good. #hollister can burn in hell. Hows teaching
Time to put on my gear and watch #Kobe get down
Moderately. Many of the group convos don't seem to apply to me. RT : Linkedin - do you use? A) Frequently B) Moderately C) Rarely
thanks eric! we love #tealeafgreen and will have more coverage of them coming soon!
So, riddle me this: Is my ongoing aversion to Chevy Chase on this show going to keep me from loving it? Seen up through s2e2
Just walked by the hotel where Sid Vicious stabbed Nancy.
I received this txt from our 9yo tonight, "Jane called me a pachina (female anatomy). Can you get her in big trouble?".
"The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term is the indis
Thanks Dustin, you're on my list
#SEME2012 day 2 about to begin. Excited about the young professional breakout lunch!
Teeth are the hardest substance in the human body.
PM announces promulgation of new charter
I hate , going back to #Obama rhetoric. What are you even talking about? #Grassroots will #Overcome, we don't need you!
I do not mean that I am already as God wants me to be. I have not yet reached that goal, but I continue trying to reach it Philippians 3:12
my account keeps dming people saying "someone is saying bad romurs about you'' i changed my password and deleted them but they cam
That would be awesome ": BRO!!! RT I would like to see Kobe drop dead tonight"
This Diesel is ferocious.
I'll have to wait until I have speakers. Nuts.
pwahahahah!! Rude!!! Jesse stop taking pics of ur grandma livin it up on the airplane!
He went back to shelving, but I could tell he wanted to shush me.
RT : Next question for our PSA: What's your favorite Tampa Bay landmark?
Geez John Freida - could you have picked a skinnier model for your commercial? Feed her before she breaks in half!
after a two hour meeting, a large fry is definitely a necessity.
Oh Brett Lawrie, you crazy s.o.b
In Senate, Forby's facility closure bill that strengthens COGFA process, floor. Interesting given discrepancy btwn them & Gov's budget.
Thank you!
I saw Stevie Ray 3 times before he died. One of the greatest guitarist that ever lived.
choosing an appropriate used car is ... causing me headache!
Uh oh
take him lol. He wont be missed
11:11 don't be a dick this time lol
Awkwardly sitting here with noone.~
Lol RT : Dontari Poe ate about 7 babies before tonights draft. But hey, nice hair bro.
Yeaaap Hoyas great work. Cincinnati will be tired tomorrow
Wa. I wanna stay at Chavez. If HE stays. If I find out he's leaving, I'll leave too.
Two of my followers right next to each other tweeting
Twitter fights!
Wearing my shirt and rocking the lanyard too :)
Dang y'all still up lol
He that walk with wise men shall be wise
Alan Kay, on one of McLuhan's "pithy statements about everything": "If I can't believe it, I can't see it."
“ girl cause you fired my ass up . dnt play.” Lmaooo soo!!
The main reason I want the Bucks in the playoffs right now is how epic this comeback would be.
Ah, August in Seattle. Time for the ceremonial bitching about the low-flying
Having a real hard time staying focused in the new apartment. Sensory overload!
Thanks for all the love on the existing handbag line guys! Just got new styles/colors in today so sorting through and photographing soon!
So why did Dr. Hansen decide to dye Hansen's tail blue before Blue Grass Stakes? "I'm a little different" Hansen tells
im sorry:(
They can brew their Wedding Beer here with us!
“: you want to get fingered?? Lol” just like Freddy...
and im leaving for johnnys
I imagine being in a new place can easily consume your time. Is it hard to find work while overseas? Do you look for local work?
NO! you cant do your hair flip anymore </3 im sad.
Observing the proportional gender imbalance at the tech related presentations
Happy Halloween!!!
LOL at how many people I've cut out of my life. I do it like its nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
thanks for the mentions! cheers
Great weekend at Too Broke for Stugris,
I have good news there are already admissions-first early adopters. I will be presenting on this very topic at eduSummit.
that's illegal.
#iPhone4S or #NexusS ? I need help deciding! :S
POLL: what do you think of our new slogan?: "Copy.com: we've saved more asses than a donkey rescue farm."
just let me know im also a good singer
you bet we will! We're opening with C'mon DJ!
Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking. — Chris Pullman
I just don't get morning #traffic!! Why people??
What a good day:)
#RUTHLESS RT #suckstosuck when your having sex with "your boy" an hes thinking about me
Just shows the intellect of peeps down here
But what about the December #jmoms? D: SPACE tour is more worth it then...
who do I complain to in order to have my email corrected for Equator? Pls dont give me the 866.903.1053. No help there.
Sunday Funday! Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
hahahah seriously, every day. all day.
I got my tickets..!! Goin to see Chris Brown.. In September
hey thanks for stopping at ! and enjoy the book..
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
I'm making plans for a downsized Thanksgiving this year. No Turkey, just a Stuffed Chicken. Anyone else trimming their holiday plans?
very butch
:D How long in hour and minutes it's austream?
- As most (if not all) craft brewers are... Gotta' love the people in this industry. Incredibly passionate & humble.
I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything
#subwayfitchat Monica, thanks again !!! :)
<--- 2 year anniversary today!
a snitch niggaaaaa that's dat shit I don't like
I can't stand guys who wear camo.
I personally loved SW3 but at the same time thought it was stupid to put it on Wii. Why was it not universal platform at least?
#ff you are a Prince among Men sir
OMG. those are some awesome photos of him.
I've been things and seen places.
great cnt complain at all
Whose making art with a social activist bent in Berlin? Looking for galleries, museums, and artists.
have a safe and fun trip!
RT : Felt the heat MT : Spirit Airlines grows a heart - or felt the heat // U R Rite as usual, Scott!
Just got word u're going 2 get an exclusive look at the prototype of the BTWF bus. Stay tuned, pictures to come on Wednesday.
RT : Bout to eat this steak.. Since its the only Meat I'm getting in my life ..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lmfao- lol clown
Of course! Flowers, chocolates & breakfast in bed!! Hope u have a great Mother's day too :)
I'm experiencing terrible AT&T data. SMS is really flakey.
At Martha's Soul Food Bistro for the grown 'n sexy. Where are you tonight?
they didnt think they had enough singers to maintain an a cappella group, so they added instruments and became a band
#adult pinata... This could get #dangerous !
Boehner must be retarded, Holding Debt ceiling hostage made him look like a fool last year. Here he goes again ;)
Thanks for the shout out Jon!
happy thirteenth shorty. Less than 24hrs after I met you I told my mother ''I found the girl I'm going to marry.'' Here we are still at it.
Anyone knows how to make a pretty compliment in Spanish?
Goodnight everyone! Stay safe. :)
I was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all I could think was "watch for crazy bus people".
#WrestleMania Seriously I just want to push the rock in a hole and leave him there :(
Social media packages for independent artist F.A.M.E inc will get the real followers you need no fake numbers
I'm not seeing what the issue is. We decided u should come out. Therefore.....
Hey so my birthdays In 4 days & I'm hoping I get noticed by you(:
Huge props to for remembering the phone charger. Plugging in now Hope I don't blow the fuse for the beer caddy!
I still don't like #timeline. Let's keep my acne-faced, brace-wearing, "High School Musical"-loving self in the past where she belongs.
Thanks for the RT Chris!
Hey Michele!
There's got to be a football game being played somewhere in the world that i can watch today. please tell me there is...
And how do all those women cook w/ their hair down on these cooking shows? If i did that, you'd get hair soup...
“: it should be filed en masse every state election board RNC and flood courts”.
Influenster just relaunched their new site! Personalized deals, complimentary product shipments, badges and more!!! www.influenster.com
Continue. :) RT : Michael B is the coolest
Make everyday the best day.
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse. -Walter Jeffries
Ooh Well *Shrugs*
no #abercrombiemodle you wish. LOL and that Inn is full up in
what's the 411 on the opening night??
Randomly chose the least worst film in 'comedies' on Hulu and so far 'bass ackwards' seems awfully depressing!
That depressing moment when you get in one little fight & your mom gets scared, so you move in with your auntie & uncle in Bel-air
I hear talk is considering up one. Be cool if JRubyConf came home. Just sayin'. /cc
Looking forward to an exciting day in the Ohio Senate tomorrow. Big news.
This is the fifth time I've watched Easy A these past few days. HOLLAAA.
Just saw the funniest thing at Noah's preschool and I can't stop cracking up, alone, in my car. Got the giggles. Why is tripping so funny?
all good! I just need to scan the cover before 2:30
c u at the next level!
Real Niggas Do Real Things!!!
Ah how exciting!
this gig in LA?
Tips from the Disney Diva: Walt Disney World&#39;s Candle Light ...
you look way too nice to be a casting director! And in fact all the CD's I have met in LA so far are.. I like this.
I've tried for you to follow me since you were on YouTube.. You still haven't noticed me and I'm just 1 in 20 mil now..
SHOW SOME FLYER LOVE RT THIS!!!!
unhealthly excited for the coldplay concert on friday omg ajhsgdjahsdgajhsdgjas
A nervous wreck.
i dont know how
I was a huge Taz fan and they had him in a rivalry with Jerry Lawler? WTF
one measure: tweet about a lecture. people attend lecture. count them. if twitter brings them to the lecture, this helps them learn?...
Got it! Not too shabby indeed! :D
Monday just opened for me! How's your Monday looking?
Go easy on the cheese this National Grilled Cheese Day. Try skim string cheese paired with whole grain crackers as a healthy diet choice.
Thank you for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays. Best, Matthew
Bailey Zeil Throwing Knife, Stainless Steel, Leather Pouch Reviews -
exactly right on jackson. He threw a no hitter last yr.
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am. Join our computer experts and get the computer training you need, on the subject you want!
Hanley Ramirez 2 run homer to die center field!!!! Let's go marlins!!!!
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
That is good to hear my grace-Tyrion Lannister is so awesome. I want to slap the King just like his mother did, bastard, HA!
Stop act'n like a clown,this aint no free show.
oh my goodness. Isn't it amazing? That cookie dough egg roll is a game changer.
Better be ill spoken of by one before all than by all before one. - Proverb
I miss those days when i had all the time in the world.
Run the score up on these boyz #Boston I got money on the line
Anything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
please!!! will be out of town all weekend tho. Next week sometime?
that helps, thank you!
Marv Tarplin, Motown guitarist & songwriter, has died at 70 in Las Vegas. Marv wrote & co-wrote many songs, including 'Tracks Of My Tears'.
am. Find a good shop. I'm getting another too.
Romney wins the Connecticut and Rhode Island primaries
Since I missed out on yesterday's festivities (re: the Brilliant Randall Hess) I am HOPING to be able to get in on it today.....??
Have fun in England!! There is always next year for the book fair. :)
What did the baby corn say to the mom corn?.. Where's pop corn? LOLOLOL c:
On my wayy back to skool
Send us an e-mail
Don't under tip a waiter just because the food is bad, he didn't cook it.
And my friend Sabrina met both and James Roday yesterday *forever jealous*
me and have a cheerleading competition.. wish us luck?
guess what???? The hot neighbor lost his dog again!!! And u weren't here!!!!!
Thkful for the cross!
Tryna make some moves
Wifey is sick... Time to bust out the paper plates.
What's this about Beiber getting rapped by a bunch of black dudes last night.
Happy Twitter Birthday to us! RT : Today 2 years on Twitter: and
Meeting tonight!! Come find out more details about Saturday's Holiday Hoopla! BH 233 at 6:30!
In Finland, basic education for children aged 7-16 is completely free and includes health care.
is leaving today for Spring Retreat. Still remember the concert at our fall retreat 2011.
Hello all. Have a great week!
S/O to my folks ! Watched him destroy it on BET in play, What a husband doesn't know"!
Kiss Me Like you miss me , fuck Me Like you hate me
RT : #youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around
Bummed a pulp fiction reference had to be explained.
Alls around Griffith cause I can walk to it! :0)
Hey looking forward to seeing you bright and early tomorrow morning!
Running out of oil for plastics is the more serious question than running out of oil for cars.
Gonna' be slutty & give head to my pillow in about 3 seconds.
Navigating too much #snow and too many #advertising #media options today? Consider a 1-stop planning partner to help with any OOH, anywhere.
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
“: Thanks for the RTs & for everything you do for CLER!” ~ Aww, shucks! I love those horses. #blushing ~
you're welcome! i hope it helps x
bitches that get NO dick get mad when females getting some.
Blood Into Wine, yo.
Were you near the chaos at the fair last night? Do you have cell phone video? Either one, please message me. Thank you!
thanks for the love!!
What some companies fail to see is that from their customers' viewpoint, their products, and brands are viewed as one entity. Chuck Martin
had to say it lmaoo ima be back on punishment lmao
adoption is fantastic but we need to keep pushing #interoperability if we want to impact patient safety. #
amen to that
i cant believe i let you walk away when i should have kissed you
thanks for the shout-out!
man I haven't seen you in a long ass time lol how you been
Awesome Terry Riley clip.I'm bursting with excitement to see the new concerto with and have TR in Nashville.
So. I just heard the carter 4 album. Like 3 days ago. Lol Now these twitter posts make so much more sense :p haha
#SuccessfulHabits 87: Take some time off.
do you agree w that?
Lol! He said; Ya grandma gotta tooth in her booty. lmao!
5 pg paper due in and 1 1/2 hrs and I'm on page 3, but I know how to change the period font so I ain't worried.
First George Clooney, now SJP. Based on this trajectory, by October it'll be lunch with one of those twins from The Shining.
I don't think so. And they charge you for a couple months after you cancel, so cancel early if possible!
My album been out 2 months and if you don't have it by now thanks for nothing. Maybe i will convert you next album into a supporter
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. -Denis Waitley
Feels good to release the McDonald, no?
drinks and arcade games do make a good mix
Definitely. #Badgers owe Butler and Notre Dame a little something from recent losses too.
your yelling at me when I'm coughing?
"Talk shit get hit" is so overrated especially when you don't act on it.
Who wants to come out and play after work so I don't watch sad movies...?
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
i wish i could go to texas!
wherever you like! Pick the spot and we will meet you
right on lol
Sweet. Hottie on #OKCupid just asked me out & didn't wait for me to ask her. Granted, I messaged her 1st. But I like women who ask men out.
The financial system meltdown was specifically engineered to do exactly what it has. Ignoring basics in economics with predictable results.
Leaving the kick Back with my #iLL family. Had a great rehearsal tonight. And ate good after. Bout to head home and laxx (relax) . fwm
sometimes I feel like all the blood is rushing out of my body
BREAKING: Gov. Chris Christie endorses a meat lovers pizza.
Is there a cookie supplier here? Anywhere?
Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else." Brian Tracy
New wine glasses aim to balance "water and fire"
what a beautiful story.
Drinking while breastfeeding
I LOVE YOU!
#90sproblems when you want to hear a song again and you have to hit rewind. Then play, then rewind, then shit too far so now fast forward.
A mindless behavior chick RT if u agree
we're are the airport bar
went to iHop with this morning!
Just decided not to take my final tomorrow. I'm dumb because I could be attending a bar tonight if I would have made this decision earlier
Happy Mother's DDay!
Where is this right person? Well, there will never be the right person because of our ever-changing expectations
I nominate The Firm as the most convoluted pilot in television history.
You have Magic Legs?!? :)
yay! You found me!
It ain't about what they call you, it's what you answer to. ~Madea
I haven't yet read up on but as long as he's running against Eric Cantor, he's got my support.
2011.09.07 #Cardinals 2 #Brewers 0 | Lose to Carpenter / Morgan loses temper too / Lose series to Cards
HAHA, damn you want swag bad! RT : anytime keep it up and tell he better not let me down :)
I have a song called "SMB" .. I should rename it to "Lakers fuckin suck"
love it! Would you like a pair of tix for our Thurs March 22 show at the Aladdin?
my mom is not coming home today since the roads are closed. blehhhh stupid snow
u got it girl!
is there a synonym for didn't?
Thanks for the RT!!
uh? whatever. i'm done. byyeeee.
"Whatever you're thinking about is literally like planning a future event. When you're worrying, you are planning. When you're...
I love how is accepting donations for an untether they didn't make. ( )
The FullContact Ruby Library Developer Challenge is a wrap, thanks for your submissions. Winners will be announced April 25th!
Happy birthday ! Can't wait to see you!!
Sorry - that's a delayed replay. I'll Tweet a proper live stream in a moment.
Nice pres at #wordcamp, "be helpful" is a great tip to keep behind every post. And, try not to buy yachts online. ;)
Not only will my man pacman whoop ur ass but he will sing you a song right afterwords!!!! lol
Thoroughly enjoyed tabling at Portland Zine Symposium today.
How / where do I get a copy of Mama Lily and The Dead?
#3WordsForYou i like you.
CAA men's hoops tourney...excited!!
Watchin my all time favorite movie Titanic with my favorite aunt in the WORLD!!!!
Crew Love <333
San Antonio: Rain/storm chances with plenty of moisture and a few upper disturbances. Today: M/cloudy, 30% of t-storms, few severe. high 80.
C'mon! Why doesn't have a Dallas,TX tour date?!
I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister! I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach. Then sushi downtown. You? Box? Hahaha
WSJ is reporting that Facebook is planning to file for its IPO sometime next week.
Zee point, she is taken. Your best since
Love your stuff look at mine www.kidshardwarekompany.com
Thanks for following The Science Siblings!
dynamite drop in!
Not only did the front office fail to improve the pitching and defense, it looks like the training staff is just as bad as last year.
We love when our fellow Ohioans do stuff! Preorder the new from
[Prov 16:24] When we have been wronged, we have the power to forgive & prevent our negative feelings from causing harm to our physical body.
really I just want things to be citable... and i think that can translate to attribution and maybe reputation if done correctly
smh! Boy was I ever... How are you cuz!
The countdown is on.
Weekend starting out perfect. I love my friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
bac could bounce on 6month daily chart support
Happy birthday to the beautiful :}
Was totally dragging from a lack of food. Then I remembered I have peanut butter. I love you peanut butter.
I always think wait till this jokers see my next car
How can Philly encyclopedia avoid duplicating other web content?
Awh I remember trying to get a reply off for years. I give up tbh :(
Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast.
“ Ragegiving.” huh huh.. heck yeah
We want to hear! What would you like to see from #Baltimore 's #Soundstage / #Studio?
NEJM Research shows that #single-payer healthcare could save about $380,000,000,000 now wasted ANNUALLY on insurers' overhead and paperwork.
I know - it's every week - another child with autism wandered into death - usually by drowning.
My LifeStyle Aint Made For Everybody.
Thank you kindly, took long enough. My advice, if u want to peruse the job market post-graduation - keep ur job while u look
Be a walking billboard 1000s of views everyday - Custom Screen Printing - www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577
We need Healthy Hearts for a Healthier Wisconsin
lol if only you knew me back then bro I used to be crip walkin , getting hyphy, krump, even poppin and gliding al that ishh!
I hate it when I'm showing someone a picture on my phone and they end up looking threw all my pictures <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Livin like Larry
When was the last time you shopped local? Was it for apparel, a gift, or a unique treasure?
New Shirt BLACK TIDE ROPE TOUR TEE
..if you're not by my side.
You can't name another group of yungins we ain't hotter than
I'm having to do a presentation on traditional spring break destinations and all I can put in activities is party balls.
roswell is on netflix! OMG! But first Tron.
hey chris where can i see your portfolio?
Happy Occupation Day! You are all amazing
awesome!! Thanks
I think you're going to have to come visit us instead...
Guess I'm not going over there to watch the game
WOW terrible hacking from me. Thanks for your warning. taken steps not sure it's enough.
reverb nation is like a parent i never had that thinks they know what's best for my band. i can NEVER PLEASE THEM
Without a doubt the thesaurus is my best friend.
why what happened?
Wow. Palin resigns. Never saw that coming.
Haha no smoke ": NO SMOKE BUD"
Transportation and industrial equipment make up the majority of U.S. exports.
we did!!!! Thank you.
You guys are too much fun hehe :) Please tell Mrs. TribLocalPat I said hello. Happy early bday! Enjoy!
Too much pressure on D Howard
Looking forward to meeting you! :)
This coffee will put hair on my chest. WOW
Yay, in case you've forgotten: nice, honest people DO still exist! Kind stranger found a check I dropped and returned it w/ nice note. Phew!
About to workout. The first time since my knee blew out more than a month ago. I said my prayers.
wanna bet nigga
Fort Worth! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I just heard some of the worst singing in my life on the radio. thought is was a joke but is serious. It's called
my dad's cooking something that smells like penis. stop. awsfikgwhl
52 days until worlds 2012! this should be intersting.
R u guys the real Madison and Mikey?
without his phone is like a fish out of water
Good luck sweetie xx
June and July...Body Be Free 2012 & Moni Lisa!
Finna read this history chapter smh.... why is it so long :(
I thought this tramp was gon give me an "A" in the class smh.... I mean I don't understand, she gave me the wink and the gun lol
SHOW TONIGHT - Beat Kitchen - 7PM - 21+ - $8 - Ben Ripani Music Co. w/ Great Divide, The Damn Choir & Kerosene Circuit. See you there!
3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before #Bears pick.
Sorry it is really expensive to send stuff to Australia. Can we do a Skype chat instead?
Hey would you mind retweeting this? > EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
Hey man. What's your email? I want to talk to you about something. - Brad
John Riley: "Three steps to delivering on your brand promise: Define your brand promise."
S/O to my new follower follow him!
Can I get an eggroll w/that duckyouknow
ur so stupid but its kool cause ur awesome with it
#WBWednesday An amazing American woman, Madam C.J. Walker. 1 of the most successful self-made 19th century businesswomen. madamcjwalker.com
Totally deserved, no doubt. The universe is a vengeful bitch. :)
I feel like I just found out my favorite love song was written about a sandwich.
Robin Murray: if we can re-envision cataloging as "registering nodes in a global web of data"
Jeremy Lin sitting at the end of the bench
everyone has a story
do you know how much the WM28 tickets are?
I have a man crush on Mario Chalmers and I'm not afraid to admit it
Yay college visits tomorrow...
Awe! I cant wait to see you without braces!<3 I still have until July!D:
Dmv at 2:00 and getting traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets, ask me how 702-882-6007
Dear Students From My High School, Stop Fucking Dying, It's Lame.
Wish I had started using sed earlier. Nice way to make sure you don't mess up changes. Using it in a git repo makes it almost foolproof.
Amem & Thanks Dave!
says "It's going to be a world of people who write code & those who don't."
ok! Write write write that paper boy!
I love it when people tell you how much they hate someone and then they put pictures of themselves hanging out with them online.
Tweeps show us some Facebook love too, like us & check out all of our celebrity event photo albums!
“It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.” – Jim Rohn
for sure, a night for the record books, drove around Louisville until we ran out of options. We made the most of it though
That would last about 20 mins at my house.
Huh, that's pretty funny information!
So excited about the ORIGINAL Houston Flamenco Festival! Never to be duplicated! Launched 2010!
Aw!! So glad I saw you too! Hope you had fun!
S/O to my team and all members
Who you liking more for Week 15, Avant or Manningham?
Choreographing a "Go Away Rain" Dance Native American Style. Anyone is welcome to join in
Anyone know a good place to watch Breaking Bad online? Need episodes 1-4 in season 4. I miss Walt and Jesse
4 more days until it's my turn to play
I don't care if it's raining. Taking a cab makes me feel lazy.
this is true.
Down at the Georgetown waterfront labyrinth working on our #dance is the answer piece with local artist Jenna Buckingham!
what??? How I do that
Stop lying about me...and i'll stop telling the truth about u.
will tix be available at the door tonight?
dat rock. he got grills nowww.
RT : dont cry in your beer, you'll just be watering it down...
My demand gen team has seriously been talking about how to run a FB dating campaign for me and for a coworker for 30 minutes.
yes sir
People talking about how they want love at 14, 15, 16, and 17. Baby live your life first and love will find you!
because Taylor can do whatever she wants
i hate when you make plans that never happen
we love having you here! Hope the whole situation smooths over.
yes that face . theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is
fo sho get some rest see a doc if it continues
"It's the fucking meesy mice! I swear!"
Interesting how every time I stop to get a room,only the presidential suite is available. Repertoire
Just left the offices to catch a ride with were still hard at it.
Not everyone is made out to sing, but if you sound like a wounded cat and you refuse to go to a vocal coach, I can't help you. smh
When I read your tweets backwards I hear Rowan & Martin.
RT : encouraging Dizzy's audience 2 support live jazz in NYC:
Ain't that the truth.
It's still not to late to check out our brand new song! www.byejune.com
hello world
A Review of the Phoenix, in Seaford
NIGHTMARE ALLEY's carnys enter the Jim Crow South: "dark and bloody land where hidden war traveled like a million earthworms under the sod."
If someone throws skittles at you and says "Taste the Rainbow!" Just throw a bottle of Sunny D at them & say "Unleash the power of the sun!"
my name is clever not clev
Development version is uncompressed and included all tests. Good for learning, CDNs & limited-control cases.
Buy my debut album The black swan to prepare your ears for The Black Swan 2: betting on the negative
Watching a old school childhood movie
No drop box, but interesting idea...For now, donations can be dropped off M-F from 9am-4:30pm
#MIXTAPE #1 is off to printers. Once they're finished we'll announce the new pub. date. #iBooks version drops next week and looks AMAZING!
I like what I see..They look GREAT..Oops I mean it looks GREAT!!
want me to help ya out? :D
see you in february
another example of how Republican conservatives want everyone to conform 2 what they say is acceptable isay thatsnhumane
Analysis: Political divisions slow Islamic finance in a parliamentary committee, prescribes "love"
Lainey Battles Thank you for the like
At US History and Online Highways (Travel), we're working to write histories for all American cities, mostly focusing on smaller ones.
Great meeting you. Thanks for the awesome feedback about Look forward to lunch sometime!
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
We love you. RT : Just signed up for the first time, can't wait to get my card!
"of" (position) 7
#BEATit like some
ik same my mom changed her mind:(
Carl and the U-T do.
Booking for the Dallas BOTB, call me (216)240-7582 or email for more info!
what about sbjosphere? Take off on blogosphere hemisphere atmosphere? No?
what color is it?
textin him.. hopefully he'll change his mind and say yes. ;')
my aunt and I do.
when tumblr is over capacity <<<
hehe! You bet!
I'm totally pumping up my bowling arm for tonight. Going for a PR!
that i can dig, im glad my shit is being felt thats prime motivation
I will mf!
Good moanin tweets!!!
This tanning bed really just sprayed me with water! Perks of working at a tanning salon
Just Tebowed to the porcelain God
Lisa made pico with tomato and pablabo pepper from the garden. M.
Happy B'day Sparty! RT Also, today is mine & 's b-day. If u don't wish us a happy b-day you can go straight to hell!
Swapping 3rd for 4th overall and the #Vikings are getting 2 additional picks? Great haul if I'm getting this right.
knowing the requirements of the charges I think its fair. Zimmerman misses the premeditated portion of 1st degree
I'm a woman of my word.
How do you make your drums sound so crispy? Please enlighten me a little (or a lot). I like your music, thank you for it.
Whee, I'm up to 619 followers. Some of them may even be real people...!!
Too many chances here for NY
Unbelievably great again man. Stay who you are because you are BRILLIANT.
If you think your friends are better than mine, you are so wrong
Woohoo!!! Its so great to have our BCB minds in the same location. Oh, the amazingness that can be born from collaboration!
Thank you!
The truth hurts.. RT : My doctor told me im overweight .
Nice day in Columbia
Good bye Oklahoma a state I love. Until next time. Love the hair Darla you are my first crush.
Come get hydrated with ZICO at the manhattan beach pier! Grab a sample and beat the heat!
#Houston come in and get ur crawfish on for $5.95 a lb here at plus got some seriously gorgeous waitstaff!
LOL at the Cirque performer doing a handstand on the aisle seat. Whoever that was in the seat looked so uncomfortable :P
Todays cake is Marvelous Amaretto Marbled Cake. Happy hour anyone? WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Another hot night! 2-1 +28 units 5-1 +123 units last two nights Email me for details ()
Freakin' Justin Bieber had to ruin me watching the Mayweather vs Cotto fight!
Feels good to feel a little better
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
Glad you enjoyed your time here. We'd love to have you back. :)
Woo! haha yeah thta's a pretty simple sentence to work out. you should see what I have to work with in spanish.
Day 3. 88 days to go.
call Kroger in a couple days and tell them you applied :)
At #Richmondbc City Hall with hundreds of other volunteers who donate time on advisory committees
At the infusion center
Not a good day :(
Tiara can't bowl and Darion can't either !!
Thanks for the follow !
and I are about to get the fuck out of this place. For the weekend at least.
I love that I have what amounts to a team of professors that have more confidence in me than I do in myself.
Hey , if you throw out a latenight campfire appearance at the Beachcomber, you can name your price.
Why would the Bucks trade away? Salmons and Jimmer? RT : Hey #Bucks - it's OK to take Jon Leuer from Wisconsin!
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to my fellow 9-year-olds
Gotta Lotta stuff for U! V-Day Prizes! 1800Flowers, Studio Movie Grill, Castle Megastore PLUS Screening Passes for THIS MEANS WAR! HOT 97.5!
good afternoon to u luv, hope u have a blessed day too
Another day of work and school and then its my weekend. HOLLA!
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
ed's are very sad to me in general, that's why I made this account so people could live the healthy way ya know?
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
is AH-MAZE-ING. see her in concert... I'm a HUGE fan now. So talented!
Success with my water bill! If you are a previous e-bill customer its best to call 619-515-3516
Has me ready to 86 someone ---> RT Oh your mad at me for doing that, but if you did It it would be okay..
: Ellen can you give the Global Autism Project a twitter shout out! We are trying to raise $$ to raise awareness re: Autism
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't care about your whole damn life story, I just met you, #tmi .
#HungerGames for the third time! #fun #saturday!
As opposed to the cynicism of the aged. OK, I guess that's just me...
The first rehearsal last night was so much fun. Great seeing everyone again. Amazed at how fast things started to come back.
Locked outside my apt but I have work today... can't get ready out here.
I found a new venture... I'm goin' all in
On The Edge is absolutely amazing!! I can't wait to hear all of it!!!
you need to push kids over too
confession: I can't not use a semicolon if I think it does the job better than a comma.
Yeahh can you drive?????
needed a ride there but I got one thanks
Hello Mr. phillip phillips! Woooh
girl, I miss you too. We have to hang out soon!
It makes me mad because I have to hear it from someone else to know.
Burke? I think he's from the Capitol City of college football and the home of the winner of 7 of last 8 OSU-UM FB games. Right?
SO JEALOUS OMGOMGOMG
Looking for office help for a client in the #Repo biz... Anyone out there with exp in that industry?
Getting a bachelor of science in graphic design is weird. Just learn another language! It's not that hard...
Maybe that is an opportunity for the beer drive-through places re: lack of drive-through pizza places.
FYI it doesn't matter if I've known you for 2min. or 10yrs...lie 2me once&I will never fully trust the words that come out of ur mouth again
": Ohio: great state? Or *THE* greatest state?"
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!!! We will have our Karaoke night tonight. Starts at 7pm hosts by JahFool & DJ Dirty Redds!!!
I'm going to the super bowl <U+E410><U+E42B> XLVI here I come
Pretty sure I just heard "happy Cinco de Cuatro!" Nicely done, That is the opposite of correct.
Does it ever get easier?
do you have a link?
Just had a great discussion today in the Afternoon Book Club - Frankenstein by Mary Shelley!
hey waz up there
This year going by too fast , like yesterday we were picking out classes we want to take next year. Let's see what happens next.
bad news: its real life!
YES IM FINALLY MOVING!!! no to jersey tho... i have to stay in this stupid town...
I feel like shit .
I am regretting it this morning, though.
The moment when you realize your coffee is too cold to drink....
morning wake-up song: "Jacking the Ball" - The Sea and Cake
Congratulations! You've won our family 4 pack to our Family Day this Sunday in New York City. we will dm with details :)
RT what you gone work on..upper body
haha wasn't me luckily, that was
Fake Vomit Recipe, FYI: oatmeal, green and yellow food coloring. Simpler than anticipated.
Goodnight sexy ;)
This week's show is now available on itunes, just search for "The Wired World of Sports" ... topics include NFL HOF, NFL, MLB, CCL, UCL ...
Gearing up to see Did You Mean Australia tonight!
Gloomy day got you down? Stop by the Distillery for a cocktail to turn that frown upside down! Free tours at 2pm and 4pm as well!
Rev Al Sharpton, good point!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
I'm sitting in my la-z-boy “: Hot yoga time, post rehearsal... I succumb to the heat and focus on conditioning. No pain, no fear.”
It's not always what you say that matters, sometimes it's what you don't say - Mr.Krabs
I love that one kid who asks the professor 100 questions just to pass time in class.
. #StaceyBobble all time fave still " did you not get the memo???!!! "
good for you. I know you are an excellent business man. You are an excellent man :-)
Don't fake like you smoke when you don't or talk like you're rich when your broke
just checking on u ladies...,love
GO #GIANTS!
#IfYouKnowMeWell..then don't cross me..
e! Watching u on espn!
i did, but then got hammered and forgot! Should be posted soon.
I love being one of those teenagers that doesn't feel like growing up.
RT : RT : #Bank of America to #Mortgage #Originators on #Buyback Claims: “Heads I Win, Tails I Still Win”...
eating 400 less daily cals of unhealthy food gives a 2 1/2 times higher risk of ab obesity than eating big portions of healthy food
she is correct! I wear a bib, when I watch him on the show, it is that bad!
If you are attending the Textiles Show in Istanbul, be sure to listen to Mujde Abdis present seasonal trends!
The persistent buildup of acids causes acidosis which is responsible for bone loss, imflammation, premature aging and more.
Just told my mom I need to be put on Adderall. Her response 'no you dont because obviously you don't have a hard time getting it.'
My favorite band and singer together?! D: I MUST GO!!! :D
Happy birthday to my best friend, my mom, and Walt Disney today! What a day to celebrate!
How the Cloud is Reshaping the IT Help Desk... Iteon Consulting has the expertise to move services to the cloud and support strategic IT in…
There are two types of baguettes: the "Ficelle" and the "Baguette Rustique". Firehook's baguette is the "Rustique".
Contd... #cildc #f105 I'm assuming you don't want them checking in on foursquare?
+10000 RT : Twitter is not a broadcast medium. Engage.
I tip my hat to all the mothers that work at flower stores on mother's day. This one goes out to you.
#CorporateGreed brought to you by Walmart. 24 million dollars for Bribes no raise for me . Thanks Walmart! follow rt
MT: “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” -
If this doesn't get you cooking (and bartending) I don't know what will! www.gojee.com (via)
Awwready!! I like the way you operate!!
what's your other imagines account? :)x
In Situ => In its original place, in position
I met BBop on Craigslist.
good to hear it went well. I the month has flown by.
i would but ur not here for me to #drink off of
just watched ur battle round. Amazing job! I soo need a dress like that! Where'd u find it? :) *muah*
Why did I poo in the woods today
My 1st priority would be a solid vision of what the role and purpose of the library is.
#transmediaholluwood3 makes me so excited!!! The panel begins!
I mean you grown af stay out of little kids conversations!
it's truee
thanks! Saiyyan Re isn't really a FIT song, but Koi Kahe is on our featured five-- which choreographed!
Hey there, you remember me.? I'm the girl you left for her.
It's called pulling a "Harvick"!
digging blip.fm.
Happy Birthday to ms. !
"It seams like fake is the new reaI" I call them Rogan" for Man & Women
Dreamt a hundred thousand dreams before but I final realize...
If there's someone you really want to connect with, send their tweets to your phone for a little while, says
what about him? ;)
My little brother is picking his head up at 2months is right or what
Ilithyia's secret will be exposed, hence the scene where she is a hot mess on the ground!:( Someone will definitely be killed!
im good... expecting my first child
such a fan of goode co seafood gumbo - it has its own speed dial button on my phone.
I need someone to talk to
Why thank you for following us and telling your friends! Granny Regina
Mt. Vernon today
Going crazy right now!!! Super Bowl Champions again baby!!! #4 Giants!
Uh oh. Overheard on 19th Street, 6ish year old crying: "Mommy, I don't want you to cook." Sounds like someone needs cooking lessons.
spinnin' 2night @ Nectar along with the wild one Eric drizzle. The beats & drinks will be flowin'. Stop by the booth for free grumpy looks!
pretty much lol
DRose's first points of the game, made with 3 red shirts on him. That's just how we do.
Mhmm :) im the last person to write and yeah I thought angle would pick Forrest but I don't mind :)
Class is in session...sharing great strategies & #ArtistaTips with my group!
Getting ready to go the Washington Freedom and DC United Double Header. I hope the thunderstorms miss the stadium.
it worked! :)
So Green Day is making a trilogy of albums. They better make me want to rip my heart out and barf this time. It's been too long.
The editing is getting better on #thePitch but lose the dramatic sound design. This ain't a ghost hunting show
how about ubiquitous
your welcome (:
1st person to catch thief stealing our sign on video & file police report gets $100 -Just send us copy of video & report!
Play trivia , TONIGHT, for a chance to win a pair of tickets to The knowledge fest starts at 6p.
The Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation: strict state laws on data security...
At Wet'n'Wild! So many sexy people here today(; Someone should come with me?!
I feel like Wellington should do their own version of Nitro Circus.
Selena,btw congratz and iv heard about u and justin bieber, i VERY happy for u guys I love u both and u guys r perfect <3
Dave & Busters
Watching Kevin Hart "Say with ya chest little nigga!"
Ready to be in virginia
C'est la vie: Such is life!
Great pass to Asik
Thank You God for blessing us with another day! Appreciate each moment because no day is promised to us!!!
PSU Women's basketball faces the Montana Grizzlies at Stott Center tomorrow at 7pm. All seats $5, free for students.
Keep a notebook. Didn't figure that out until my 2nd year on Amazing Audios.
stop posting my mobile-based status update *location* by default and *publicly* by default... this is a huge security risk!
Our office smells delish! Perfume testing/marketing as we speak! What's your fav scent?
Signing yearbooks wasn't as sad as i thought it would be
When I get old, I never want to be on a Waller, oxygen machine, etc. take care of yourself while output can. Eat right
Holy awesome! The show last night was so fun! Thanks to all who came out for support! We love you
in that case want to skype with me
hey Austin!! How was your day today? Please RT or reply :)
who u think won?
Well you know we do need the money AND I'm not sleeping with any of the strikers! Maybe ill get off of work early!
Hey there lady!
So many hot messes out tonight...
yes we are starting at 11 please tell your friends.
Mission Possible! Ryan Braun wins steroids appeal!?
Hey All! Karaoke starts 2nite at 9pm with Aury Moore hosting! come out and sing for her!
I really hate that game
Will Be At SK Studios TONIGHT...!!! With and The AvenueTunes Familia
Shouldn't be awake this early.......
First up: Sarah Anne Carter (Harvard) on Sheldon Barnes & document study as means of historical learning via personal experience
I just wanted say thanks for years of laughs on the Don & Mike show, glad you are enjoying "retirement"
Fantasy Writers Workshop with Michael Beard! What makes a good Fantasy plot? What did the great & famous in genre say about it? Sun 2-4
Kids 12 and younger are free at #Stutz open house Sat 2-7 PM. Herron doing art activities on 3rd floor.
yeah Walrus guy's the best in the biz.
why wasn't iinvolved in this tweet?
yeah dude Kenny Horton is a beast
I was singing Strip today and my teacher comes up from behind me and shouts "WHAT!?" I think she heard the whole thing... x3
or D'shKwqzndl!
Sappy love movies >
Francis Ford Coppola. The movies, the wine.
bo on you all!
oh stop. You like it!
For #DLDay, we're releasing some early findings from Speak Up 2011. Look for the first full report in April!
"This feed is staffed by humans." That is nice to know!
Amazing show tonight!!!
Followed. Follow bck?
I heart my co workers
Happy Earth Day! We've tweeted some great links on recycling coffee grounds and reusing old coffee mugs. ReduceReuseRecycle!
Adele has one of the best voices i've ever heard. I hope she wins a VMA!
Thrifting with my brother
#WhatDoYouWantMos I want to win season 7 of ABDC. Love y'all and wish u the best! Good luck! =]
Obviously Not lol
yea but my name means merry christmas in french =P
do I even have to tell you how ridiculous I think this woman is? She's off my radar
The Motto <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
lol I do not go to the mall almost every daay pssh pfft~
Love MORE. Judge LESS.
Football is so great that even watching dudes walk around in shorts is compelling. That is a noble achievement.
i can #SaveYouHalf, dont need another food coma
Creativity not about efficiency but serendipity
Yo im Looking for a connect to do a video this summer lets talk money holla atya boy
u also have a dog?
uh oh I just got it on my phone!!!!
The soccer boys did great tonight!
A little under three hours...#SPN ....woot.....
Team headed west.
Happy Baby=happy mom!
for FREE. Where the front row?
. direct message or email me your # so we can get together for our once every 5 sighting. xoxo..after all..i did get married
I had two teachers echo that, when I confessed to them that I hadn't been coding since before puberty.
man just enjoying my Monday morning listening to the show. Hope everyone's having a good morning over there
Where in the world is Osama Bin Laden? He's not.
Visit with OHC at the Ohio Travel Association conference this week in Sandusky -- find support for your favorite heritage tourism project.
Reading Malcolm Gladwell's "Outliers" which is super awesome and interesting. If you've read it, geek out with me
Loving the fact that my grandma is home!!!! What a fighter. So proud of you!
when the pimps in the crib ma drop it like its hott ...
Our agency meets & exceeds the expectations of our clients, specializing in employee benefits. Linton & Associates (505) 247-1530
Just this one thing.
NL: Prince-Adore
RT : When you get back up, suddenly, everything becomes possible!
I'm way too excited for this upcoming year..
ok ppl r hacking my fb and twitter
I is gonna be up in da Delta dis weekend! Who gonna hang wit me?!
WifeSwap is hilarious.
#YoucuteandAllBut you're not a 10 and you slept with a bunch of dudes from your hometown
“: The sun is out and it's raining. Huh?” THE END IS NEAR
Book signing today, 4 pm, at the Barnes & Noble, Oak Brook, IL, 297 Oakbrook Center.
Now at panel about #Chaucer. First up: #comics in the classroom.
Watching the laker game on my phone lol
have you seen asa hotels for san juan? Gorgeous! I m bringing the fam.
you have a camera?
aw thank you :)
RT : So glad my daddy, , is a pharmacist. He knows just how to fix his sickly daughter. Don't know what I'd do wi
Thanks Karen!
Respect for kids' skills is often lacking in educational settings
Need a weekend away from the hustle and bustle of small town life and social business. Come stay with me, ur bro, and sleep in!
I wish I had some bubbles n bath beads to put in this water. I So need this
Fuck. Got my tag reported fully again. >>
Typography exist to represent content
Everyday for me ..
I have no respect for myself? Well.duh
. I thought we all grew up learing that you pay a hooker then kill her to get your money back. Use a bat to save ammo.
#robart crossed legs creates feel of unbalance. Pretty good eye contact. LIked big extended arm gestures.
we have power...no candles tomorrow ;)
"Pop the Pig? Doggie Doo? Oh, Come on!" --my 9 year old. He is one tough toy critic.
Wow! Like all the probs caused by dental fillings!
good ur alive i was worried but i gtg for the rest of the day talk to u tomorrow(:
I am excited for the day I can wake up and make a healthy breakfast and watch morning talk shows
Awesome! Thanks for including us! :)
I have a lot of long lost friends....
Yes, be very careful. Been thinking of you. Don't stand up fast!
Today must be the day for epic customer service!
Heard you needed the help of an Angel? :)
"business orientation, expectations, political connection, cultural adaptation." and in midst of all that, get some work done!
on the kimball bus lonely as hell lmao
In my version of MR. BELVEDERE, he's from Spain, and he's got martial arts training from a robot ex-wife
Busy busy busy busy
Encounter with the RMV this morning has me rethinking my willingness to trade in my CA license & more officially join the Commonwealth.
I'm drinking coffee now, what does that tell you? :)
BOO HOMEWORK! :S
I love you Lou<3
A young lady knows how to keep composer even with people she doesnt like because people like that will always be around..never ending battle
The Morning Show on goes New Age starting tomorrow. We've got a sneak peek coming up at 6:30!
So glad to hear that - I love that series. Congratulations on this wonderful news!
And considering the VAST Increasing Number of new Catholics Autistic people could bring, I am SHOCKED the Vatican tolerates this
“: "Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference." - Life's Little Instruction Book #quote”
You make me feel lazy!!
What an honor if I can be an extension of The Saviour's work...
yes you are the cutest thing ever!!
Q1: Let parents check out iPads for interactive ebooks.
yea so whats up
Regina: Ma'am, do you have this in the next size up? Saleslady: Sorry, we only carry sizes 1, 3, and 5. You could try Sears. Lmfao!
Anyone know of an all natural #gummybears or #gummyworms? I would like some, but all have artificial colors & flavors.
It's not always about fixing something broken, but sometimes it's about starting over and creating something better. Anonymous
Yowza, gna need a complete acoustic set-up aka find some new band members asap
I'd take a bullet for you, I'd stand beside you no matter what, but you're just pushing me away and all I wanna do is be there for you.
I pay for this and it froze my Wii 4 times in a row before I gave up. Shitty customer service too by the way.
what's your number? Me no have it ):
why do #RedSox games take 4 hours??
COLTON MARRY ME
Reflective, and a little sad. Nothing else to say really..
That awkward moment when you're 5'8 and wear petite jeans.
he's going to stay at home and you'll support the family?
that was a beast for sure. Couldn't put it down once I started. It edged out Joes's by a narrow margin. Fries were good too.
4 more pages and a powerpoint...let me get off twitter
Don't miss session on Building Mobile Business at 10:30 am at today's
OMG tweets from the womb! (via )
He has two Friday lunch shifts as final exams of sorts first. And he needs 's vote too.
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of children. -Jesse Torrey
too tired to think
Technology & Solutions: RR Donnelley presenting Managing Complexity in a Cross-Media Supply Chain in the Carnagie in FIVE minutes
Sadly, today will be the first time I attend a funeral service for someone younger than myself...praying that i can be strong for the family
this is my 5th time watching We Bought A Zoo and I can't get enough!! I love it!!<3
Hahah not yet but it's pretty sick
yep! And I just dowloadef the twit app too. Getting rid of the other one.
I do things for a reason. Not to act cool or impress people.
just sent over the pics!!! Check yo email!
"#LOVE is all we need."
finally the #Pens are getting their heads in the game!!! LETS GO PENS!!!
haha nuh uh! that's funny!
Have a great Friday everyone! :)
i'v never used an i-clicker. here goes my first time...
Stressed the eff out man -___-
it all depends on our pitching including our middle relief.
Plane crash I was in 22 yrs ago, the pilot was named Hurley. Hurley is my fav plane crash survivor character on Lost. Coincidence?
Oh my God. What utter douchebaggery. <U+2192> They are serving wedding cake to celebrate their win in NC. Disgusting.
Yep... just got bombed. But I'm not stupid enough to click that link. LOL
fight by speaking out, convince teachers, parents and students in your school. Join SOS Remember you're fighting for the kids
Wish we could have had a little more support from the school faculty/staff and Students
Boots for President?
shall i do this deed
How am i fully awake right now
Do you follow professional basketball? Kobe could pull a Last Boy Scout and still be in the game.
Proud supporter of - Can't wait for the season to start!
PWEAZE COOL COME ON BEFORE I HARRAS U
#AGuyShould know how to drive a stick shift. After all, it is called a MANual.
I'm sorry Bree!!! but I'm soaking the pants in shout... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
is speaking now
PHOTOS: Functional Decor Made From Natural Fibers - Huffington Post
T. Swift marry me
Just got off stage and did my piece - I KILLED IT!!!!
i miss u so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
no problem cutie :-)
what the fuck is wrong with our counntry c: lol. because of me.
Been a busy little bee! How is you?
RT BiancaMPrieto: A survey crew found the remains Monday afternoon. Police say its a male and no foul play. Bones being collected.
Thanks to all the writers who contributed to our #Bruins coverage this year. Nothing but great work throughout the season!
#ILovePeopleThat tell the truth from jump. No BS, no games.
and I text right back right?
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
Oh, btw Good morning Loves <3
I guess . wasn't kidding when she said she was.going to cut somebody
Looks like fun! RT Join us at 6PM @ The Robinson Theater for Drumming, Theater & Dance by young people in our fall '10 programs
that's why u the man b
oh yeah have fun at ur graduation ( watch u meet a really hot guy there)
Here we go here we go again
On this productivity grind
get money
I could do this forever...
new icon :)
I don't wanna be around people today
Thanks For Showing Mee Some LOVE And Retweeting Mee..
Thanks for the ToTD.
Just got the new emoji<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00BC><U+2620><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0093>
its not that late pretty face
EJ manuel, sir, you are fun to watch
Lizbeth, was that a hint?
I'm not gonna.. its alright. No naggy customers.. get payd more. I can actually do overtime. Lol its prettt chilld.
I believe your rite
"Thanks for your quiet competence. You are a thinker. You be da bomb." Thank you card from my chief medical officer made my night. :)
That's the total released by MDA.
I read Nikky Finney's "Head Off & Split" to kick off National #Poetry Month: "Careful to the very end what you deny, dismiss & cut away."
It is CRAZY hot in NYC today! 105 degrees
Are Lakers fans finally realizing your team has no chance to win? ;) you should start haha
you ain't lyin. Kobe's fg% is terrible but, at the line he guaranteed
'If she’s amazing,she wont be easy If she’s easy,she wont be amazing If she’s worth it,You wont give up If you give up,you’re not worth it'
1 PERSON FOLLOW HURRY IM CHECKING!!
according to Daisy Gonzalez, yeah.
Groove Inc. holds &#39;Drums and Dogs&#39; event
Good night, all!!
gonna refilm this shit another time i guess...
“: Hey I don't fly much but these planes can be used without wings, correct?” I don't think so lol.
Are you guys talking about the #MoreThanThisMusicVideo?
RT : #BioBuzz & to host a "Science of Beer" social w/ More details to come later this week...
Corporate Resource Services Enters into a $12 Million Debt Conversion Agreement
thank u! They have me wrapped around their little paws :)
Good W for your Reds, over my Braves, last night. I was hoping Dusty would blow it in the 8th-9th..lol.
Why am I suddenly starving???
The Romney Campaign: pandering to ethnocentrism since 2012.
Well I'm liking this idea more and more! This'll be a blast! I may take the bus, but only if I can get a ride from the station.
I can't believe I slept on #ChildishGambino for so long! Wtf!
Get better Phil!
I made me bot a rage tweet function. Will it rage tweet? Roll saving throw against rage tweet!
its always been there.
Would love to help drive the cause with Lets talk mud.
Russian hipsters and motorists announce political ambitions - RT
:-). Good. I shall come by more often then
Guess what,
At radio show
get me a little please
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING !!
We are all part of something beautiful.
Went to a great conference today at the Association of British and Irish #Lusitanists ( #Portugese ). Thanks to all the lovely people there
I need to cut the habit of missing you
Argh, I do not want to fill this out. I fear they're going to spin my answer as "look, our grads are employed in all sorts of fields!"
wants to go back and party
Thanks Lisa Schlesinger & Tom Mula and the student playwrights for a great event this morning!
fdshlagjdaslfjdslf how u get his number ??!!
Nice! We'll see you next time!
Yesterday was pretty much the best day ever cuz I met and What's in store for today, #AWP12?
Carlos Lee legged out a single. It would've been a double or more if he'd have thighed & winged out of his pockets as well
<l----- Colorado Hip Hop www.ReverbNation.com/Cynical303
And yes, tweeting about basketball is just my way of avoiding studying for Criminal Procedure.
at the buzzer!
I just want my bed
This week's Star of the Week is Mr. Michael Gillium he scored 100 on his last shop score.
As you should be on such an occasion.
nabbed the 1st win 108-92. 15th consecutive win. Free Valero coffee tomorrow. Yep, it's a good night.
Turn on the World Series, this is true drama
I know! Even I am excited haha!
Hey - give a gift to in Jess and Skip's names & get their names on the new bldg!
RT MKE Foodies who keep me coming back for more:
Let your neuro-transmissions convert into orgasms. Feel the terror while filling the electrical field in your brain with pleasure.
I can't sleep. Rewatching all of 's keeks! He got me laughing do hard and it's 2am :D
I'm a problem child... :-[ in a devilish kinda way
Amicci's, if you want to do Little Italy
how so? It actually *just* quit opening...
wait, THE vanilla ice? RT Excited 4 free shows on AE Stage: Love&Theft, David Nail, Green River Ordinance, Vanilla Ice...
#CXO I could use a cookie over here.
we hope to see you tonight for LIVE MUSIC ft ZachWade & DanHarvey 9pm! Food & drink specials!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 33
Frugazy? RT : lol, see if they got them aunt pearls while you're there! And they betta not be no frugazy shit!
his stand ups not exactly hilarious. He's almost Too high doing it.
any time!
Yes sir!!!
Calendar, Best of the Lamorinda Sun -- Vintage fashion show, physical therapy workshop and celebrating the music of ...
I think I have a good taste in music. Fuck every one who doesn't like it. :')
>>>girls like you RT : Guys with kids <<<
Making sells and getting smoked out
lol I'm sitting
Music is the art of thinking..with sounds..
love that song
My mom is the greatest.. She's uh-may-sing.. So blessed to have her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Is there a link for the upcoming performance at Microscope?
Reading Self-Management for Actors by Bonnie Gillespie... well... because.
watching NBATV IS THT A GOOD MOVIE
ACM presents music of Babbitt today at 12:15 PM at First Church in Boston's Back Bay. Melismata for Violin and Homily for Snare Drum.
Heading to Home Depot to stock up now.
EVERYBODY'S STARRY-EYED
Why is almost 80% of the unbuilt land in Virginia in private hands, while on the West Coast it's the reverse.
Me: oh snap this my song Him: oh yeah gets up on dat Me:umm excuse me back up off me n*gga b4 you get kicked in the balls Him:fiesty Me:slap
So Sanford: arrest a journalist for exercising their constitutional rights? This keeps getting better. That's it, u messed up so go silent.
i need to just quit hockey and stop embarrassing myself
My prayer today, Lord please help me to try harder less and surrender more.
Have to admit it was pretty amazing. We need a win to salvage the series.
It's true, I'm up for my early morning workout, & excited for the day to come!
RT : What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Oliver Wendell Holmes
Yes, I was there during the 3.5 year draught!
I am admin and teach 2 classes still! It is hectic but wouldn't change it for anything. Super impt to stay "in it"
Me too! I didn't know that was a common sleep position!
but made by Canadians. Not so much made in USA if your only using our parts but hire Canadian company to build them
Chatting with all my guys by facebook! I love Them!
Hope the poor boy is suave.
we're not doing anything....? what?
#WhenGuys Defend You
President Barbara Leonard of #The #Links, Inc is opening the ceremony and is we can't find our dignitaries...lol
People who spend time with positive, successful people become successful themselves.
At hardees they have those oreo ice cream sandwiches and i want one!!!!!
was amazing. gahhh
I trust more than
#ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure :( Let me help you!
Kirkus says SPARKS is "a kinetic and well paced comedy that just might win a few converts…original and appealing."
Spiders can crawl text, not Flash or images
Already getting ready for #CincoDeMayo!
nah I never played or know what that is. Lol
You're obese when you buy a hula hoop and it fits your waist!
Karate and having 2 trampolines (1 indoor and 1 outdoor) One son is a 3rd degree black belt and he is only 15.
Trying to figure out if it's a real documentary.
Looking for a cool place to have a bday party in NYC. Any ideas? Looking at a few lounges.
WISH I was ONE of those FISH! LOL! :)~
Look forward to meeting you! :)
Don't say you can't dance and then try to go home with me. If you can't move on the dancefloor, I'll think you can't move in the bedroom.
Ha, just a plain band. Interesting.
I can't look at Skylar McBee without laughing.
Learning from client IU Public Policy Institute about recs in new Policy Choices for Indiana's Future report.
So happy my fab buds from Arkansas r here!
I'm so excited its that! The Zulu Ball
Those days when Disney Channel had :Thats so Raven , sweet life of zack and cody, And The little Mermaid. ware those shows wernt annoying!
"have you created your happy ending yet?" - CastleVille
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
I would LOVE to
Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show. You don't even have to attach a
RT : TRUST ME... You'll want to be following & and all our bars this summer!!! You'll thanks me later :)
: We're gonna eat first. Give us an hour or so?
what is it this time, whore?
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!
hope you benefit Beth. we're getting a lot of good feedback on the book and looking for more ways to get the message out.
shaving every since I been walking on a stage or modeling
If you were invited to a league it should r going out soon!
What's up? Lol
Does anyone find it oddly ironic (and perhaps a sign) that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument? Just sayin..
I'm out of 'bitch' for right now
#Heartattack Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke , Dementia Risk Title: Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke ,
I need a drink after this shitty game!!
If you asked me how I felt right now I honestly wouldn't be able to tell you.
It's been a while & I swear that this one's different.
it's fine :p
inappropriate touch cringe
MT : Want to help with zombie makeup for the Zombie Walk? Email to be a volunteer on…
#incaseyoudidntknow is my girl
Then why don't you marry him? RT I love you
We apologize for stating false times that the site would be up and running. We hope it wasn't an inconvenience, have a great day!
Flying out to Colorado to see some of those great outdoors. I hear they have some mountains out there.
Oh! I thought it was in PGH! D! I wanted to go! Thanks!
The first day I've had coffee in many months and I've gotten so much done. This is how methheads feel after cleaning their apartment, right?
I forgot how much i love Just My Luck.
Think i give a fuckkkk
Rondo is definitely on tonight
#WW fun, thanks!
0-2 tonight... K.G. playing like it's 02' and Lakers looking like it's 07'... terrible close by Lakers...
I will put a smile on my face and tell you that I'm happy for you both.
I just finished
-- you're welcome
Did you hear that Thomas Kinkade died?
#pinchedtoosoon wet wipes rule!
Life is either daring adventure or nothing.
And a happy birthday to you!!
Chad's first pick for the morning in the shower is "Time to Pretend." guess he needs a pep talk.
Never too late for a beer and some hot tub... I'm really gonna hate life when I have to move out of this house
and I need to drop my books off at campus while we're in town. tryna get out of a late fee?
63 and sunny. If I believed in the concept of heaven, this is what the weather would be like.
hey kid. I distinctly remember tweeting you a few months ago asking you to come to FL. you said soon. WHEN IS SOON?
I have to work late like always I never get a brake
My president coulda told me we was going bk to Africa. I would b on da boat,bone n my nose,spear n hand,titties out. Sayn goonie Goo Goo
lmfao, who's ya cousin xD??
Just saw XmPie new product tease. Video, plugin for Adobe AE. Interesting idea but looks like vaporware at the moment.
Open mic was very interesting tonight, gotta rock it out!!!!
What if it's not air you're smelling, but your boogers?
Sad to hear Dick Clark has passed away. A true legend of television. Few people have had as deep an impact on the medium as he did. RIP.
live tournaments always sound fun until you are there for 30 mins and start thinking wtf am i doing here ugh
Lies kill trust and it's the lack of trust that kills a relationship.
please follow back ?? ;**** it would mean so much! xoxo :]
Me too! Im giving out applications!!
Thanks for having me! Great to meet you too. Look out, NYC, we're comin for ya.
i'm lighting obsessed at the moment, and the holidays have made me a candle hoarder.
today was pretty good(:
#BrianSantryProbz the munchies ..
wake up the weed is for
no it wasn't...I purchased it in Kenya
Food is awesome at this hour! (:
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 54
Thanks for coming out today! We're excited for the project!
Facebook just recommended Brian Zoubek as a possible friend of mine... given our mutual history, I can't say I agree. Nice try, Zuckerberg.
Good morning everyone
Stopping at Starbucks on the way to school :)
followers of ---> NOW follow
Woah? Natl Margarita Day? How did we miss that one? Oh well, we'll celebrate 2day ;) RT Yesterday was Natl. Margarita Day...
see you then. Bring your appetite.
Spring Fashion 2012: done. Time for sleep. Link forthcoming.
I had a beautiful dream with austin Mahone
Please RT: Check out the official video for Matt's Song! If you love face melting guitar solos this is it! good enough for ?
Thanks for the feedback. We've got some new stuff coming soon. Thanks for watching!
I just lol'd at that convo.
Spanish Town formerly known Santiago de la Vega is the largest city in Jamaica and has several monuments historic buildings.
Good! We have a lot in common! ;)
Hey Portland!! Thanks for the most rocking, festive & incredible VegFest ever!! Portland is absolutely the best place to live Live & Vegan!
LA,CA- need models for hiphop video. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I better go hide then.
check your top secret email!
that made my day holy crap I'm drooling.
Learn more about #whymentor now with the ! Try the signature burger.
much love g cant wait till 4 20 im settin shit up for it now its gonna be money
I think when they do that they are trying to build a clientele. Get you in the door with a discount and hope you come back.
I hate flics where nerds get hot chics, I like when nerdy chics get made over in2 hot chics ha! Nevermind me, back 2 rappedy rap hippedy hop
Sorry about that.
Yes, and a lot of good beer. Will have news re Barley's Angels for you after this.
Wait, are you coming over to Tuna? I thought I may be going out by you today
Okay, I could do this. I could gain all interest back on twitter.c,:
just a certain someone :)
If u happy
lol its kay at home haha
haha! that would be awesome, right?!
Another screen.
How many games are you going to win on the road when you are outshot 41-17? If Pekka Rinne is on...a lot of them
Brand Nubian - Slow Down
If pronk's going to leave his jersey unbuttoned, he should forgo the undershirt.
Need to get back on p90x
Things Target Field needs: rowdier fans, who don't clap *only* when the video board tells them to.
nice. I got the iPhone 4! Your right it's so awesome!
a beastie boys classic
A) I'm leaving NKY/Cincy for a few days. B) I need a new city to visit soon. C) "All I wanna know is, who's comin with me?..."
+1 RT : "I can't wait to see my friends' drunken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!" -- Nobody
every one liner out of his mouth was perfect
RT : We recently tried the turkey bacon and everyone loved it! So much better for us!
HA! your fvrt gal --> “: “: Happy Mother's Day, sweet lady!” right back atcha!!!!! Xoxo”
thanks for helping to spread the word!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm weird, I always have headache, I love chocolate, The Beatles and right now I really want to sleep.
thankful for christmas album.. the holidays are complete.
“: Green Line: Expect residual delays to Greenbelt due to an earlier train malfunction at Anacostia.” now they tell me.
Aww I hope she feels that way <3
There is a magazine called "Garden & Gun"
he got a twitter crush on o girl ass her face is super below avg
if only nathan would go for it:P
a moth just landed on my computer
Post-it notes, notebooks, Evernote. Basically every where. I'll put post-its on a physical calendar to schedule writing
I've been missing you lately, because you live so far away.
Feel of rain on your sunburn = excellent; feel of New Yorkers stabbing their umbrellas into your sunburn = :'(
We've all heard it enough AT.
please follow me! i just cant stand knowing u follow other ppl and not me. Please follow, i need 2 meet you
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
tryin to get the kids asleep so santa can come what about u
- Thanks for the mention - being #38 is GREAT! http;//t.co/8-cclqLM
I can get you her fan address, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to?
yes we [my fam & i] are excited to. We're also thrilled it's been picked up for a 2nd season already!!!!
awesome. Good job!
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
Visit this website for more information Ways to Make Money Online
As a former student I strongly suggest you go. He is afterall a Martial Arts Grandmaster.
I'm going to be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the mail everyday this week until 's Trespassing shows up!
New Icon what do u think?
Dude I get my braces off in like 2 months
This summer = "The missionary pilgrimmage" .. showing every1 we know
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #scdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
M...(; Looks a lot like AustinMahone xD
Tomorrow is my Friday. Thank the lord.
I am, chillaxin before I go to work! Wyd..
rocked the mic at Level 3 tonight. & I got a hug. What a great way to start my year! #LastKings BITCH!!!!
I hate that feeling
Had convo with this student whose bf is HIV+. He dated him knowing he was +. His friend contracted it from1st sex experience. HIV is serious
I'm so lost without the WordPress admin bar.
I wanna say it but that's so rude like I don't know him lmfao
Patriots need to stop with the sob story though..
unless someone witnessed the guy hitting my car, I'm SOL. CMPD said he was only knocking on your door; thought it was his home
home.....nothin like it
Amazing, amazing day with good friends. Wish they weren't all in other places for college.
As in Forever-Ever!! #BRAUNY RT That is the first ever 3-homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
what up stranger? How u been?
Kool aid & frozen pizza
the two tickets are yours if you'd like them!(: $65 for each do you want both?
I feel like dancing cumbias.
Ha! You deserve a glass... or two.. or three.
watch for the three wolf moon too!!!
usually don't cross that world with this, but figured that it was obscure enough that some1 would h e to be in the know to get it!
PROMOTING AMAZING TALENT EVERYDAY ALL DAY....
well I'd be glad to tell them they made a huge mistake letting you go lol
if it is slander about a teacher or student or school maybe but they cannot regulate anything you do outside of school
You Know you're a teacher when... you can't name your own child names that evokes good,bad&ugly memories.
I luv his songs! so good! 5 star ratinng from me!
Does anyone have any thoughts on ITT? More interested in what employers think than current students, but give me your thoughts on the school
if you can tweet you can mint!
Who the fuck gets panda express for breakfast
LMFAO recount, it's my week so I don't understand why we don't just split it? Cause it is MY week
hey luv it's me i''m a co owner here :D
Are you a small business owner? Do you have a loyalty program for customers? Would you consider one if the benefits helped your bottom line?
Sorry about the stairs that you had to endure today. I log rolled down my front lawn this morning so I didn't have to.
Im sad for anyone who gets sick. As far as child support.......I hope he is strong enough to be there for his kids.
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home. Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel! Blessed!
Money quote from Mark Twain: "When in doubt, do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest."
But hold your breathe because tonight will be the night that I will fall or you, over again. Don't make me change my mind.
Poll Question: Better call: Do you believe in miracles or wa wa wee wa?
Thank you for all the help tonight!
I'm glad (: I just find the whole ordeal very funny and childish; but hey! Whatever floats your little kid boat!
ahh love this weather, feels like summer!
Classic! Great stuff. Future pro right there.
Good point! Logists could be one of the hardest parts!
The thought of Ryan Seacrest expanding his "hosting" empire to the Olympics makes me sad inside.
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
oh she bad.
thats enough to make every Haitian family rich
best of luck tonight- you were my pre 11/6 pick and i'm sure you can take this down. Regards. Alex (from memphis)
live it up brother...
you're a wealth of information.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Love that we both have the same interest in being of service to kids. Peace my man
Coming up on the today, at 3:45 and at 6.
Sometimes I do~ sometimes I don't~ sometimes.. I js won't~
Lmao, calm down, calm down :P it's only a game ;) i've just been watching liverpool play :) xx
Excited to pamper myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
U don't need a lot of $ 2 have great style!
Do you like cupcakes? So do we! Come to our Family Event on May 6 and grab one from So proud to have them as a sponsor!
Love #finecraft posts of Great way to learn
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey
My Hawks win 2 more we going to the EASTERN FINALS,,, WE WILL BEAT CHICAGO ARE PHILLY
im sorry but I have NO fucks to give .
The picture on the Glee soundtracks make me want a slushee
I feel like crying cuz I wanna be with my mommy wish she was here everyday :'(
RT : does that also go for machines in Atlantic City and in casinos everywhere?? <= Yes
It is raining at the Apple buildings near Parmer and MoPac
bad girl! Bad boy! Lol xoxoxo
At the comedy show
Pretty content with staying in tonight and watching
Check out "Listener Complaint" audio. (Drunk guy goes off!) www.freekshowradio.com
We all need to make an effort to get better at draw something guys. Come on. We're not kids anymore.
Have to admit, the performance with and (a digital, projected) Tupac was pretty awesome.
Girls, just because the guy that you want doesn't like you back, doesn't mean that you aren't beautiful.
I don't know if I'm getting better or just getting use to the pain.
hey you. I hope youre having a good break!
#Tweet1800 for all members of ! #Chamber #HipStreet #Descants ! <3
haha yikes that's a ton of hand collation.
Excited for #12NTCCollab with and
I broke another glass today -_-
I ain't mad atcha I got nothin but love for ya
just dropped off some grub for us on the tours! Music starts over there at 7 tonight!
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -Woody Allen
thank you! Thx for sending!
not when it's short course. ;-)
Tim Tebow is no longer trending. He also is no longer starting.
For Whom The Bird Tweets
Moving right along...May issues now at Dominos, 9th St. Deli, Library, Tandoor, Kim Moon, more. Hungry for lunch yet? I am.
This is just an intro'd piece. Expect lots of debate and discussion from all sides.
? wat sorry to bud in but what my friend is gonna go crazy
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
what if #Ravens can land Hue as OC??? Familiar w joe and system.
30min. left until its prince royce bday! ^.^
I think I loosened up for the world last night... Hahaha got in at 5am... Holidays... Gotta love it
It's karaoke Wednesday and we're serving up karaoke courage for you all night long.
I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny
with the exception of about 6 weeks of summer, you can have that in Portland, OR.
"...Tonight, the streets are ours..."
Happy birthday!!! ~From BW
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, #MarchMadness, #AutoShow, and #StPatricksDay. Is anyone attempting all 3?
Any baseball fans out there? Opening Day is just around the corner...
Well cause I'm going to Saturday market with Dakota & her bb. Rollin joints & sittin at the waterfront?
me too:(
“: I love #TeamBieber. No one can stop this family” we love you so much more !
ok i gotchu bro
Godzilla is trending,it's possible he caused this mess, with his little stubby arms and bad breath all angry because nobody loves him.
I kno I gotta look harder
Pantera's is by far the best pizza out there.
Finally saw Haywire last nite. Really enjoyed it, great job by Soderbergh and Gina Carano rocks as a kick-ass super soldier.
Hey Liam ! I LOVE You !!! -- Love your Surfer girl down here in Hawaii :)
Welcome to all my new followers. I am going to start using Twitter frequently. It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
...and GlobalMeet beats WebEx any day
Bow to Queen HIIT! word! done!
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :)
I wish my mom would ever wake me up to log into FB. I'll take her laptop and iPhone privileges away from her.
~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)
GOOD LUCK BBY ;*
just got a proposal for an atari themed html5 dev competition! Keep the ideas coming
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
St. Patrick's day, we try & be Irish for the day by drinking, what do they do in Ireland this day? Go to Church... shouldn't we follow suit!
thanks for checking it out!!!
RT : Q5- If you were to provide advice to a new instructional designer, whatwould it be?
Here come the waterworks
The Salvation Army's Emergency Disaster Services are on the scene of even the most desperate crises.
oh wow! idk whether to be excited or nervous about watching!
yes! i was just about to tell you
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
Over my dead body
I have "Pride" for
Warm Wishes!
hey anyway you can post that on facebook ? I wanna announce it on there
Woo! Sub in history
Hey yall take a tip from Shakspeare: throw pebbles! Yelling "Steve! "WOO!" Only wakes the whole Alley. Better yet: text Fool.
Do you give everything you have for your dreams? This actress spent her last paycheck to get Tyler Perry's attn AND she is talented!...
Declared that 's spirit animal is Bam Margera.
Gingrich counts as southern. Military brats get to choose.
i might be quoted in the Chicago Tribune soon. if i am, would you mind picking me up a copy/
happy PI day! Also, pie day, but we replaced ours with doughnuts from the Bowery Day.
galveston! my sister and i spent the morning/afternoon there.
Hi Okto it is great to hear from you. Best to your family and Popo and Luna cats.
RT : has been to Falkirk, Strathclyde country park, Southshields and tomorrow at sun, snow & everything
RT": Its funny how we try to move on and at the same time hold on.."
Lost the ball to the navel ring for the 10th time grrrr
: Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
where do you find this stuff?
Bird Watch
So many nerds in one room. A dangerous thing.
Final went from 8am-10am. I finished it in 40 minutes. I shouldve slept in for an extra hour.
Oh Here we are again. Current call time... 26:45
are still better than whisperers.
Accurate - World Series. When it mattered most. RT Inaccurate
... and I went to school with the writer!
Smh I need to become a better catholic.
School w/out today... and I are dyyiinnngg...
#MusicMonday Add some artists/comedians that are coming your way!
I'm here boo :)
lol that's no necessary lol we just friends we get along better or else imma turn into crazy bm lol
Who do #single people go to the movies with?
I would still have my linebacker stature, but being back home around the alcohol...yeah...i'ma lineman for a while
Yes they will! :)
Come to zebraclub today, buy any outerwear and recieve a FREE beanie!
I stood up in class and screamed,"AIRPLANE MODE!" then through my phone across the room and it crashed..
no problem (: lols
That is the worst! :(
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Leaders guide and empower a team of willing participants towards a visualized, articulated, and constantly evolving end
Asked by a publicist to change a photo with a story because it didn't have the correct product placement. Was thrilled to tell her a big no.
Watching "Marley". Recommended by
I just got April fooled-_-
I just realized.....I don't like ANY OF YALL!!! o_0
Congrats to A&A Celebrity Board Member Don Mattingly for his first victory as the Manager! Best of luck this season Don!
Ghetto Translations: "It be like that sometimes" = I am aware of your situation, unfortunately there is nothing I can do about it.
Haven't had a Snickers in year. Eating one now and it's amazing.
Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word "Direction" comes up on a daily basis.
fawk I keep forgetting my dude! Software update fir the evo was released today btw
No #BEAUTIFUL :) and mine is here all the time haha
Busy weekend of birthday celebrating amidst stints of work and quality time with my kiddos.
"Safe to drop"
messing with my LinkedIn/twtr settings to make sure I am not bugging my LI connections (too late I fear :-) ) Let's see what happens....
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
