"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
Not much, Ben - how's you?
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
you are gorgeous, em!
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
The panna cotta is a must make!
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
These are the days of miracles and wonders. Believe and it shall be
no, it's a marker!
have u entered the twitterverse??
for avoiding me
yeah I have a problem....
Catching up on #americanidol and man my predictions are spot on! New judge next season? Give me a call. . . Lol
“: Idkk about hving his restroom party lmao” I would let you in but they are "standing room only" events
I signed up for e-mail alerts a couple of days ago and I haven't received anything yet :(. How can I fix that??
Out and about with
It's funny how so many guys/girls wished they had something real you got it but don't appreciate it!
I azked god to get rid of my enemies I was Surprized wen I Lozt niggaz dat waz friends to me SMH #shout out to all my real niggaz
All I got left is a 30 second acting scene
It's so funny, no one in this band really listens to "metalcore" anymore lol.
Hoops after school in the square gym today.
Hey road Cauldron, keep rocking it, we can hear you on the broadcast as loud as their supporters. (I dont expect the same in Portland) :)
YAWN, Awake and making coffee too late in the day.
#np I shot the maid by greeley estates<3 I miss these guys wish they would stop in el paso again hint hint
Break a leg..
thank you for the RT!! We hope to see you there
your welcome dude.
You mean, like an rental? Nice!
Middleton traffic: Parmenter St. roundabout and streets approaching it for 1 block to be closed from 9 to 11 a.m. May 24 for chipseal work.
Tatzoo campaigns for locally endangered wildlife would make great content.
so Joey did you know who really "won" #SweetHomeAlabama or were you in the dark like the rest of us? Are you surprised?
M Pauly D
Still not sure why they took so long. Site looks like they did it b/c they were pressured to, not b/c they wanted to.
Earrings<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> Someday by JB<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F> Hunger Games!
I miss you too:( 2 months* So how's your summer?:)
not only that, what happened to the DJ in rap groups? Where's the scratching & mixing? There's no creativity anymore.
nothing. Lol u?
I should be the one slandering the Lakers and Heat but us (Spurs) don't really care to get into all that. We're busy winning ball games.
Follow Us ! Support #TeamJayTate !
Seems unlikely I'll be there any time soon, but sure, thanks.
I guess that explains a lot
Red Letter News??
Thankful for my business and my very shrewd customers. Thank you #Houston !!!
no like -Abby
what's good?
im unfollwing annoying ass ppl.. and not the ppl who write alot. its the ppl who are always putting depressing ass tweets..
One proposal signed & delivered. Expecting 2 more shortly!
Steppin out tonight
How about the video of a reporter asking Dem congresswomen to comment on Maher's "Palin = c***" comment in Rush's wake?
Holy black mamba!
BIG UPS ON THE XXL COVER U DESERVE IT BIG UPS....
Did you like that video? We stumbled across it by accident, you can get some good stuff for $5.
Playin hooky today - no work! So what do we do on our day off??? We volunteer at ! Stay tuned for our next volunteer night!
No woman is to good to cheat
only the prompt. And I have the app. I understand the extra step, but speed kills. What's the click through? 50%?
Finally off.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING IM THANKFUL 4 AN AMZING FAM A WONDERFUL SON & AN EXTREMELY FULL LIFE LIV, LUV, LAUGH O YEA & EAT ALOT
why cant the whole world speak one language?
Welcome home my friend. Thanks for putting us on the map!! Hail to the Green and gold!! Buzz me.
hey I watched JERSEY SHORE and I see your swag Has went up to 1,000,000,000,00,000
Men set around 2gether talking about what they would do to all these hot women they see daily. Women set around talking about the men they..
whenever I see a water top open, I put the lid back on. A poor sap could fall in, get hurt and they'd pay for all medical bills.
How how how is the weekend already over?? I need 5 day weekends and 2 day work weeks :)
have fun!!
How many of you want me to do a free pendulum past life reading on you? I just posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group.
don't die
please Lady Ante... nothing... go away and bring Justin!!
“: Thanks to Aveda for hosting #mnbes - can't think of a better place to be for Earth Week!” Hear hear!
pittsburgh is trending....REPRESENT.
I'm watching the most random movies tonight. Mission Impossible followed by 17 Again.
That was so embarrassing
I'm sold.
i hate when people "K" me, i really do
I saw u in front of the school;)
127 hours is tight(:
to plant some early spring vegetables if the garden dry’s up a little.
NEOGAF IS DOWN!!! What the HELL Am I going to do at work now :(
I said hard work, not working to get something hard lol
What is your favorite thing about the fall season?
I'm definitely gonna make it!
The leopard print is in full force on BBW tonight! Rarrrrr
Look at those handsome boys!
": I would love to see and on tour together again" or & Tech9 &
I wish I still have hgtv
maybe we'll get new uni's for every game like Oregon does!
Finally watching #glee!!!!!!
happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!! lovez ya
Thanks for the connection
Ha, right. I figured you would have been down here from Cleveland before. Welcome back! I promise no football comments.
he is, at least, not inactive. But certainly not as active as he was in the 1990s. Still at same address.
lolol yes. I love cars
You're committed to someone else, but here in my mind i have you all for myself.
oh gurl theres a vid on fb and some chick is lipsyncing to fuckin want u back and im just like IMA PUNCH A HOE
don't call back
haha. Thanks. I take that as a great compliment.
lolol - yeah destination circuit court.
Falling asleep way too much at my conference.
yeah I know that's how rumors get started, haha I had office assistant first period and they were telling me haa
love the book Virals!!
can't wait for this weekend. so many good things...
“A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning! Inspirational
ready for ya book club!
stop what you are doing and take a time out!!!
": Mayer Hawthorne is the best station on Pandora. #np - Ben E. King - Stand by Me" I am 100% in agreement with this statement.
Reminder, Tomorrow, Monday, Oct. 3 4-6pm, Michael Chorost, "Cyborg Theory and Practice" Lecture in New North 204, Co-sponsered by CCT...
I'm really enjoying Chunks! It's so addictive. Great job! :-)
Go Colts! Good start! I hope they keep it going!!
This sunburn on my chest is killing me <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
hahaha yup, always happy to laugh with someone over bob and david.. i always do the van hammersly when playing pool at studio
Im Tryna Get To That Next Step & The Only Thing Thats Stopping Me Iss.. I Need A Studio!!!!
Was equally a pleasure to meet you. Stick with this event organizing thing-your projects will only grow in stature and importance.
Thanks for the RT!
will you stop
Happy St. patty's Day! Be careful out there with the rain and and happy drunk wantabe Irish folk!!
Ok...I'm getting excited...Shark Tank in an hour! Who else loves this show?
have you taken out any drive thru speakers on the west coast yet?
: This Tilted Kilt gig is right in your wheelhouse, Jim. Seriously. But you have to apply in person.
#wssmiami Less chatter and more conversation, collaboration and action = success!!!
sales mgr needed for Cleveland or Columbus. 10 yrs of overall exp, w/at least 3 yrs of sales mgmt exp. email
Just woke up, turn on the TV- first words I hear "this is all part of a big Sporting day"... Gameday!
That's why I use my iPod instead now
QUE LINDA <3 ohh i love you honey
If I had a magic wand that could eradicate three things that cause human suffering it would be aids, famine, and meathead rock.
They are due to the registrar by May 7th but they can be earlier depending on the professor. Good luck!
Agreed. I also really like Martin Bashir on daytime He's pretty good :)
Yes, magical realism. Who knows,maybe the next cup I brew will transport me to a neon planet that rains tea & crumpets!
toxie...awww thats sweet... Toxie would probably do you straight through the mattress and down a floor! hehe
I love listening to music from 2004-2007. It brings back all the good memories.
glad to still have you aboard , Denise. ;-)
I love laying around all day on sundays.
Hey Sheila! Glad you made the connection and thank you for the kind words. :)
I got sunshine in a bag
NOW im offline
Dont miss mall of america! Best shopping.
": super hungry!! Anyone down to go eat?(:" eat at village inn :))
did you say "hit an ear?"
GONNA WAIT IF HE REPLIES! HA! TREATED HIS ASS!
Mac Miller's high life album is my favorite. #lovelovelove<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
where am i?
Chris Rock at the Oscars... "I'm wearing FUBU"... YES!S
If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google
Not that surprising considering skyrocketing tuition. Greater buy-in for parents.
more Moore more
I think I solved this hacking issue. Srry again to anyone who got those annoying mssgs from "me."
damn! I wasn't there again
I just know it will be haha
tory keep yo Dreds and Jersey! Ur so fast that's all DBs can catch!! Blowin in the draft behind u!
The key is moderation, not denial. :)
taking a 3hour lunch break. lol, yea... I do it
December 21st presents at with special judge . Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 8pm
BibleFax: B4 th exile(586-36BCE)most Israelites not monotheists! Yahweh was a terrific warrior, but wht did he know bout making crops grow?
InfiniteSkills - New InfiniteSkills Web Programming with Python Tutorial Harnesses Power of Object Oriented ...
havnt nobody seen me in years
Stop our Beachside Café at the Tradeshow opening tomorrow at the Convention Center #1110-4 for party wristband, coffee, freebies
Thanks for making our entire office laugh.
Thanks for the advice, , , , & I had a great first day :)
'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is in Ohio, heading for Toledo. Only 3.5 hours left until Cleveland.
shit let me have the ones my age ....
luckily I've never been a huge fan of beer anyway. I'm a margarita & wine type gal.
The one...the only...Ron Pro-Kooooopez!
thank you for spreading the word!
Counting down the hours until my trip to AZ tomorrow!!!!! I've been missin that PHX heat!!
finally giving into the fact I have absolutely nothing else to do and watching Captain America tonight after watching Thor last night
Love the writing challenge!
This weekend is a reminder of Christ's death and resurrection. Lets celebrate and give thanks to Him!! (like we should everyday)
I gotchs homie, I will check out some of your beats...
“: "Three day weekend" Sunday is the only Sunday I'll ever like.”
it's okk
going to bed. not tired though :/
Off and running for the weekend? Who has a race this weekend?
#NFLrookie advice: Just like any celebrity, athletes have a popularity cycle. Start now thinking about the kind of legend you hope to become
Offensive foul? What
Uh time to work
yes it is.. the one of my fav songs *-*
i'd be in.
Evening to myself tonight.
Just bought a new bikini top and wedges for Las Vegas next week! , ,
Grab Bag Sale continues! Just realized how much great stuff we are basically giving away! Ops ;)
Thak you so much! Support greatly needed.
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout School!!! RT If you hate when ppl tweet about ppl at their school that you don't even know!!! (Follow Me!!!)
bless you!
You guys are nasty .. I can hear you from this room .. #NastyA/F
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
To get what you want, design a business that gives a large number of people what they want.
"Look, Grandpa sent me an Amish tweet!" -- that's referring to getting a letter in the mail. He's on a roll!
Platforms like , create marketplaces w/o gatekeepers. Education is headed that way. Charles Best at
My rooting for a baseball team is often enough to doom them to failure
lol is that good? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#betoorourke tells of a time he stood in the Mexican national line coming into #ElPaso for an unreasonable amt of time.
Top 3 in :30 coming up shortly
much good without a wick!!! I was in this in high school…crossing my fingers I get to see the revival :)
Sick in bed! Great! This Is not good have to much too do.. Come on Theraflu work!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
You have to say that. LOL
New Portland radio station... 1059thebrew.com
With morgan pelts at cheer registeration..
i dislike 2chains .
Not at school today. :)
I only know of this song because of Grizzly Bear
My damn cousin tagging me in Facebook posts! Nigga
I need to you tell some other people that ;) Hope to see you this weekend!
Visited Multnomah Central branch today. Amazing children's area
we smoke weed instead!
Hate it when I think I've sent tweets / DMs but they're really just stuck and unsent. See this mostly with the Twitter 2.1.1 OS X client.
thanks for watching!
Apparently, the equation states that "Productive day + drinks = smug, pretentious twitter feed."
now following ya homz
Awww prayers sent for your head to feel better...maybe this is why my head hurts..it hurts for you :(
Dude, your bag is huge and there is no way it is going to fit in the overhead compartment.
Paramount Public Relations is looking for an intern to work from 9-5 p.m, 15-20 hours a week, or 2-3 days a week. Tasks include supporting …
Wow RT : RT : Nothing worse then an over confident ugly female..
Her cellphone's name was Luka. It vibrated on the second floor.
that's what we get for copying it from someone else's tweet and not double checking.
I won't be the first one to talk...
i think parents to be should undergo serious psych testing b4 they are allowed to procreate
Awh hi Katja! ^^ I'm good, thank you. How are you hun? :) & well I'm getting stressed and all but that's how it goes! <U+2665><U+2665>
sorry to hear that you've been having problems. Can you let us know more details?
I asked her if she liked black guys and she said she doesn't know any and in the Philippines black guys are bad.
I know, right?! Give my regards to the East Coast- I miss it there!
RETWEET --> If You Still Watch SpongeBob (=
Is there a sweeter song than Europa by Carlos Santana? Timeless.
So excited for today's #crawfishboil at ! Who else is going?
hahaha mission aborted.
RT The love of my life and daddy to our twins - - was born today. I am very glad he was.
"Yay! Time for Madonnas halftime show" -nobody, anywhere
can i be homeschooled or...~
On-demans 3D printing by is being used to manufacture souvenirs and send to museum visitors' homes.
Is still alive?!
Fantasy Baseball!
I love my attitude do you...who cares bitches
We have decided to change our last names to Jada Pinkett Smith.
give us 6-12 months and we will be one of the top westcoast online fashion retailers! thanks to all the people doing business with us
phone calls from >>>. Hahaha be careful my dear! Love youu
I really need my own laptop....it would be so much easier....
Best three grand spent evahhhhh!!!
Tumble Inn with <U+263A>
you have nice balls
#NP Usher "Climax"
Passion Fruit Raspberry Fruit Cake only @ Firehook Bakery!!!! Delicious...
Funny things been happening all day
Reading, "Criminalizing Crisis: The Criminalization of Homelessness in US Cities" National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, 11/11.
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase."--Martin Luther King, Jr
I could sit here and watch classic Looney Tunes all day long.
great hit hamilton
Preparing for open sourcing a few apps on the 14th @ www.androiddevla.com and www.iphonedevla.com respectively. (via )
you're .. Fail type
Seen the video of LeBron James' mother allegedly losing it on a hotel valet. Story coming up on 7News at 5:30.
Had a fun night @ Lucille's.. lost of new friends and fans!
#22 The Departed
Mass was so long Omqqq
Boy o boy
: I want it all
so long Vegas. thanks for taking all of my money.
To build an on line community that loves the NFL Draft as much as I do. Additionally to educate Draft fans with my experience.
i love takin a project bitch somewhere she aint neva been before (Gotti)
most def! got u!
Me too!
share your experience about how you shared an armrest w/ a fat person.
yuh do the same
Ask and ye shall receive! A brilliant audition video today for the role of "Darlo" in ROCK BOTTOM from a legit rock frontman!
Only 10 more days of school <U+E40A> <U+E04A>Goodnight Everyone! :) <U+E04C>
for business or relocating?
One more day 'till vacation. Northwoods livin' for a week, then off to the Oklahoma plains to build some wind farms.
Hi Justin, noticed your tweet, would love to hear where we are going wrong.
Never thought I'd say this but I wish I didn't have a fucking phone right now.
It’s a beautiful day for a drive, isn’t it?
if the tour starts after may 23rd imma cry
Bored in spanish
Hope you have a nice Thanksgiving! xo
So ole fubu guy I think his name is Damon right...actually has a heart...lol....na he was moved with compassion and wanted to help.Nice!
Deputy supe of biz Phil Stover just gave list of possible closures under Barrera's motion to board. Barrera reading now
Bleeding everywhere, NBD
sweet. I'll put a deposit down on the nicest hole in the wall we can afford :)
you mean you wish you could ujabuja mental pictures! :)
Most welcome! Keep up the good work you are doing in Reno.
That person is sick.
how was the documentary
no we are not
come to IU and rage sometime! :)
RT : Nine #Brewers games at Miller Park in nine days! How many games will you attend?! I'll be at all nine.
i guessed that first
.. 90% of the time it works everytime.
might want to inform the station personel? They are no help at all
Ah her we go... time to attack the Tea Party again. I'm so sick of this.
I won't be pressured into having fun just because we arbitrarily use a base-10 number system and a big round number is coming up.
We are currently hiring an experienced barback/busser. Email
"I TOLD HER SHE SHOULD COME AND ROLL WIT K.I.D"
Woo! Good luck! Ive always wanted to try but not sure I have the patience! I'm sure it will turn out amazing :)
Billy Butt Sex! Instant CLASSIC!
yea I guess u did
Buy a christmas angel and get a dollar for dollar spent in a discount for a Gift Cert or ride with us!! Save the reciept 480-255-5559
. on cat gravity: Cats have higher-than-normal gravity, which explains why you are immobilized if they lie on top of you.
sweet gallows, bro!
mad pages in '94
he's just the guy im lookin for :)
A band with a song called "Sex Foot" can't be all bad.
billboard connection
you are so incredibly beautiful Cherl please follow me :)
We try our hardest :D
#LilMan ok I'm actaully workn in a software program that measure room for sound quality lol!
Listening to remastered beatles box set...amazing sound. My week's playlist is set!
I definitely agree
It's one of the few movies that my wife, girlfriend then, went with me to the show.Went to Portland and stood in line for an hour
Happy 4th of July! Enjoy this beautiful day Milwaukee!!!
you need to meet !
btw i found my dress i think but i dont want to post it cause im not sure
Oh Lord, touch this little child with healing...prayers going up for your family.
#How2makeABlackPersonMad step on the new J's u just got
Should clarify that I'm not certain that is automated. A cursory look at the account's stream suggests perhaps not.
that might be a job for xul-runner. Could fake a browser session somehow using a small browser?
Bad sleep for me also. (as predicted) Dropped off Kate's car and she's out cold with her new sleeping mask on already.
Come into M to meet our new additions! Gabriel - Gilad "GG" - and Nancy! Welcome to our M family!
I think our twitter got hacked. Did anyone get a weird message from us about a funny video of you?
Ooh. It might be different for a man going. But I'm telling you, as a female... life is good in Baltimore lol
just chill Matty to fatty. This between Spain, scientology and myself... Harvey Wednesday,
haha they'll fail right away then no longer bother me! Good idea(:
It's a fine line between a 'clear conscience' and bad memory!
Life has been breathed into my first solo business venture today. My team and I will be taking Indy by storm! Nov 2011 launch date.
At least you can walk to class...sitting inside an office all day looking at the weather through the window is
There's gotta be something wrong with me
little does she know who my ass really is. Guess you could call me a pretty little liar. I think yes! KISSES! -D
#FIREIRELAND #miamidolphins Hire mr Suarez his team is #undefeated in #madden ;-)
I woke up with Devandra Banhart's "Lover" in my head. I'll probably be singing it all day now. Totally ok with that.
oops only windows supported
Dance party to call me maybe from across hall with We have issues.
Is she really your twin? Or a friend that looks and acts like you?
I didn't get much done. I kept getting distracted. lol I got all the corner squares and sashes cut out and the top row sewn.
Bad habit: Starting important emails and thinking I hit send, only to discover hours later they're behind my mail window.
I love those pair girls. They are to great and to much fun!!! #friendshipbraceletes twitter less "Chis" :)
....oh RT : Baby....let me....show you how yo pussy works, since you didn't bring it to me first....
#gametime Lets bring it to trinity
Thanks for saving me during the awkward car ride! :)
i wish for a time when equality is such a given that we only talk about it in history class
lol no :o ik u go to south rite?
good morning
WINNING! k I miss youu! but I never see you because we have messed up schedules :O
I'm so glad my assignment is due tomorrow and not today. I was running out of time.
This guy has 50 and bieber carry out his belts
Stay tuned...the winners of the MyHeartMap Challenge announced next week!!
My friends suck...
When I only begin to read, I forget I'm on this world. It lifts me on wings with high thoughts.
Catch NBC 15 tonight during the 5 p.m. news cast! We'll be on with details for Evening at the Casino, only three days away!!
Anxious to get great blogging tips from at
The Blue Angels are ripping through the skies this afternoon.
For that negative comment I sneezed so hard I felt like I broke my jaw and rib -__-
It<U+FFFD>s great to be great, but it<U+FFFD>s greater to be human
just used the word goody. I was reverting to my 12 year-old self.
Good morning!
Electrically powered maneuverable public transportation with high capacity
Facebook's search engine is the worst.
I better see you on this date. haha havent seen you in forever
They were delicious! This is definitely my go-to summer meal this year.
Gonna be doing some freestyles!! Tracks are almost ready to come out!! XP
This new twitter app I got is much better then the one they give you.
Proud to have several groups from the 9th Senatorial District at the Capitol today for Wyoming County Day.
haha yeah cx just try ! I wanna see this xD
One of my authors on Writer's Almanac: Jen Vernon's KETCHIKAN WRESTLING. writersalmanac.publicradio.org/
closest to here is 8 hours.
Are ya'll ready? Im going to do ALOT I mean ALOT of #Imagines!
Vanity Fair is a great magazine to read on a plane. And ladies have you seen who is on the cover. Met him in Vegas. It was love.
heck yeah! love the mixes bro.. C-H-I-C-A-G-O
Oh, and I almost killed a girl. No, it's cool, I didn't. I said almost.
happy wedding day to our cindy and kyle! blues skies today for a beautiful wedding in the park. bam.
YAY! My gave us a rferal to one more therapy place near us!
I wonder what our combined dues will be? Will it be called Sagtra or Aftag?
wait what I'm confused! can you see this?!
yes scratch that Game still going hard.but the test of that list fell off
because I'm a High Plains Drifter too | RIP MCA
we wanna see #KB PERFORM AT #SummerJamz15 #retweet this to y'all followers for me please
You are so welcome.
Haven't watched #TheArtist yet. Maybe i should 2c if I fall asleep! lol
Please follow
It was great seeing you! You're one of my favorite people yet we rarely meet up. How about lunch on Wednesday 3/14?
I just ordered Jeff Casteel: How to Run the 3-3 Odd Stack Defense (DVD) from Amazon.com #arizonawildcats Go Cats . I smell Roses
thinkin of a master plan
J of Communication calls for submission for spec. issue "Social media and political change," deadline Aug 15
If I miss it somehow, please be sure to let me know when it's gone online!
Mom: What shoes are u bringing to Italy? Me: Sneakers? Mom: Are u telling me you aren't going to wear gladiator sandals in the Colosseum?
Go TS! : Good luck! : About to take DSST test in Personal Finance.
My pleasure! Quite the family ya'll got!
yay! It'll be awesome sauce! // So fun! <3 you ladies!
Huevos!!! I know, but add a "J" and it adds the H...sound foo!
Dre said that 10 years ago. We were probably watching TV. re: you cant make a ho a house wife.
We were given this life because we were strong enough to live it.
Win Santos Laguna
Played with UnderGround Horns Yesterday and had madd fun.
let's be real
lol I love you!
auditioned for a Nescafe commercial.
If Rudy Gay plays like the 2nd best player on the floor only behind CP3, which he's capable of, the #Grizzlies are going to win this series.
I don't think anyone can understand my love for Selena (not Gomez,the original)more than my friend Nikki. Biddy biddy bambaaaaaa
About eat
Coming home :)) I'm staaaaarrrrvvviiinnnggg LOL:)
So are we! RT : excited for premiere of my brand-spanking new "Now or Never" on 9/27 at !
follow NOW
it's going to be epic! Are you attending?
ok ima french kiss it lmaoo!!
I disagree on Charlie, I enjoyed it for what it was.
Wonder why hasn't invited "Think Like A Man" cast on to promote?
Wasn't saying the travel was crazy. Sheesh. Just think it's crazy they still have a shot at home-ice advantage.
With my childhood friend Carla
Glad that Charles Scott and PCOG team are OK in Joplin--let us join in praying for all those devastated by this storm.
do you have any work I could see?
Via We just finished up our Free Black Spectacles day at the University of Illinois at Chicago....
SEAHAWKS will b in some high-scoring affairs this season - HOUSH arrival coupled lame backfield & aging "D" means it's time for
get off my QB!
#NowPlaying Your Favorite Hero – Killer On the Lower East Side
I challenge you to be dreamers; I challenge you to be doers and let us make the greatest place in the world even better
the mailman berrying a gift... just received my very own copy of Genreflecting in the mail, yes I am a nerd!
Blehhhhh work :p
Just got the second installment of Omar Daniel's new piece and it looks great! Can't wait to record it on sunday.
put mckenry at first????
I sure hope this is a good indication of our season. Go Skins! With you all the way!
CHOICE.....ONE OF YOUR MOST POWERFUL ASSETS..CHOOSE TO EMPOWER YOURSELF WITH CHOICES YOU MAKE....live, love, laugh, learn, care, give, hope
I'm presenting on Ancestral Praxis and Computer Science Learning towards communal wellness #aera2012 increased focus on
I'm gonna punch you in the gooch, Chris. ME and Zac! Duh! ;)
Only 15 mins until that great new #MothersDay tradition: The 3 hour season finale / wrap up of
It's about to go down. Love it.
The girls could only stand 20 mins of 11/27/97 before I got "carly your hippie music is putting me to sleep." Some just don't understand.
Nice - Thx man!!
are you sure? Cus people are telling me different things..
I'm obsessed with Miranda Lambert's new album. Baggage claim is awesome! :-)
#seinfeldderbynames real and fantastic. Phantom spitter. Fat free custard. Chang. Latex salesman. Wear the ribbon
Feel like I need a nap. Gym later. Let's lose five pounds before tomorrow?
My 2yo son begs to go to the Aquarium. Turns out he's only into the ramps & escalators.
GO HARD HE AIN'T BULL SHYTING
Hi Cedar! :D
well, not me
Albert Fish, Ed Gein, and Dr. Satan are highlighted... Lizzy Borden is also shown briefly
I haven&#39;t got my learn on this early since college
why thank you. :)
Did I mention that I LOVE HARRY POTTER?
I need you guys to follow me for me to send you a direct message back with my address
TODAY and TODAY ONLY, Show us you are a FB fan/Twitter follower at the door and get complimentary admission!
having athletics 1st period should be illegal.
Dang were hot together tonight. I hope you keep doing more acting, you are wasted behind the camera.
Stan Lee at Wizard World???!!
only football
I really do hope to hear back from very soon with interest in keynote speaking :))
RT : The 9 to 5 Cure - great read for anyone committed to creating a flexible work/life.
ok, but whats gone happen to me, curious..
It's been a year since started Immaculatize.com. He is considering following his own advice sometime soon.
it's worth it tho. A fine timepiece tells quite a story
We need to talk the third cover for Harmonics!
I somehow just got my hair to stay in a bun without any hair ties or bobby pins #soimpressed and
is a loser
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
Oh no! Which ones were put to rest? I think we can help on the new pair too! :-)
hilarious when Jacob couldnt find a bright spot. The draft was another reason that org frustrates the heck out of u
. Yep. The author and I used to work in radio together in the early 90's. He has a YA called PANDEMIA.
how do trannys figure into the whole marriage issue?
"I was born when you kissed me. I lived while you loved me. I died when you left me."
Guess what movie I watched last night???
S/O to for chatting with if you missed that interview go to www.blogtalkradio.com/lawlessra
Hey Terri, how are you?
Bug bites may be to blame for a flight quarantine in Chicago that last for 3 hours yesterday - yikes!
I just miss the metabolism I had when step aerobics were popular.
entertaining video!
Taking drinks and medicine to knock me out, but end up being wide awake... this blows. someone text me till i sleep
just killed it at the 930 club!
Asked Siri to remind me to do something. Obviously she wasn't listening because when reminder went off it said, "Find some crack".
less than 5 months until The Script :D
Dried apricots. Just not a whole bag. #lessonlearned RT: Q9 #Foodiechats u have a #SweetTooth What healthy option do u choose?
Tomorrow, it will be either Neon Indian or The Globes.
Retired State Police Colonel Tom Foley wrote a book on the Whitey Bulger chase
drink the Starbucks now and the energy drink at lunch. Brilliant(: TY!
I feel the only benefit of suffering is being better equipped to help others with theirs. Can't wait to exchange hugs. HNY <3
Probably meant holodecks, developers like to hang out there sometimes.
Cohen: Derrida avoids cinema because a citational structure of the image is already monstrous, the mechanical reproduction culture of [+]
MY FAV WAS JASON AND SAMS WEDDING AWESOME
I just want to be happy.
Really? Did you erase last year from your memory?
I'm gonna get yelled at for being so lazy, oh well
im boreeeeddd D:
truly appreciate the support:)
#FF :) shes amazing and a inspiration to us <3
best PG in the league
Going to orange leaf with Kevin cuz i have no life with teenagers.
Happy Friday every one. lets get the weekend started!
I'm at Ihop right now.. so after I leave, I'm ready whenever !!
Dear cold temperatures, please do feel free to go get bent.
MUSIC = WIND. You can`t see it but you`re touched when you listen
Hair. Off. Freedom!!!
Or wat? Cuz...I dnt wanna tell u tha whole story but everyone hates me now cuz of wat I did -____- x(
I'm excited. I get 27 points a day, and this morning for breakfast, I used 4.
Good Luck!!! :D
red wine
I love you
I'm bout to win my soccer tournament!!.
True that! RT #womencantresist a man who is intelligent....
hahahahahahahahah! How are you holding up? You are good!
we're all bottomless.
parking garages creep me out a little bit...
why i am so tired tonight??
You change for two reasons, either you learn enough that you want to or you've been hurt enough that you have to.
I love your imagines!<3
obviously cigarette breath! ....we like coffee breath!
so... i sould prolly change my team name this mornin... : \
you can tell me everything i don't want to hear because as long as it's coming from you, i'll listen.
We are looking for a photographer for a shoot as well as for shows. We're interested in working with you. Follow
Crazy I still have feelings for you and we've never met
All of our various programs at our center are designed to build community.
In the U.S., there is, on average, three sex change operations per day.
Don't get on da turnpike is bumper to bumper
oh I'm very good at that! 8-)
please lead the investigation into the refs who called today's game.
lol SHE WAS
And you get what you earn, not what you desire.
please don't put a scorpion in my bed & say it was to "start a debate"
thanks for the follow. Can you see the line for franchising chocolate?
I didn't know old men used Twitter Rick!
Today is a great day to be outside. Would you rather be at or ?
Kiss Coffee will be closed today and tomorrow--Merry Christmas
THX…Your up either very early or up very late. I guess this is normal for people from the land that birthed StarBucks
Wow!! Hey super star!!! Americas One woman News crew!! Wrecking Mad-Town with the latest breaking News!!! #awsome!!
S/O to all of our followers! We have great opportunities coming for y'all soon!
Every #child has a light inside themselves that needs to be turned on!
why is your site marked private now by wordpress?
So I find out when I cancelled my Service Magic account 2 yrs ago they never removed my info and have siphoned business from me ever since
There's a chance w/machines that a virus will be created to shut them all down. But they could prob create a virus to shut us down too :/
if you use Tweetbot, just tap and hold a tweet and it will give you an option to save links to whatever service you choose. :)
Now THAT is rain.
i thuggs with the new twit name gucci haven bur
who is the 1 person we go after to do that?
Plane Crash Update 3 persons on plane that crashed this morning at Dane Co Airport. Minor injuries. Airport will re-open soon!
I ain't ask u to smile u suppose to say it bak!! Lol
if i were a boy, i'd listen yo her, cus i know how it hurts.
I need to send letter and poster (:
The start of another long day, but I've gotten one thing accomplished already! TGIF Everyone!
Honestly, about to make a run for it
speaking of starbucks where has my lil bucks been?
Fabulous party at the Strawberry Creek Inn last night. Most of the cast was there. Yea! Rodney's cookbook is beautiful. Breakfast awaits!
Oh, great, the Crosstown Classic starts today. Because I didn't want to stay away from Twitter enough.
is the ultimate bro!
What a great idea. My kids also got a book--I think it was Click Clack Moo--in a Chick-fil-a meal a while back.
you really like them don't you!!!!
With faith, letting go of a dream doesn't mean giving up. It means accepting God has better plans for you. Sweet dreams, everyone.
my favorite place the Palace of the Fine Arts.
sorry. saving the world from other evils. i'll get to yours eventually. BTW, are you still asexual? If so, might be longer.
All you need is 5 minutes a day to work on your dream for a better life. Make the time right now & stop the excuses!
what kinda nigga would I be sayin "naw I don't want no pussy"
What did you think about The News?
TATER TOTS where the premiere form of currency in the cafateria back in school days! Yall know what I'm talkin about! Happy
to keep it real i never woulda left
Check the "Events" tab to find the diLasso concert info and RSVP....we're still figuring out Facebook's new Page format.....
Also we are 3 away from 200 followers, let's get all those today and when we get to 1,000 followers we may start doing some prizes!!
Thanks man . And work with you as in like what ?
Dude! Don't pimp me out to your brother if Your gonna get butthurt! WTF
Reg gas 4.79 in downtown chi and then have the nerve to say only the full service pump has it for $5.10 BP have u done lost yo mind???
Thanks for the follow
Family looks out for each other.
for me it is b/c I'm on my way to do something productive & I can't be reached on phone/FB/Twitter, really free 2 read & think
In Honduras last week. Mini-oasis created by cruise industry - again, I ask myself what the best balance is between culture and cash?
It wasn't perfect but I want my old life back.
THAT was the result of #poorchoices >> RT : I saw you on campus the other day... You weren't wearing pants!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Sounds intelligent to me. :)
yes I did, I was on vacation. How about you did you, have a nice Labor Day weekend? My mother really like Betty Boop.
Where'd April go? Time is going by way too fast for my liking
'Even tho you may be afraid abt many things, don't be afraid to allow God to do His work in you, looking into the deepest part...
check your DMs!
been on aaron.tv lately?
has some cocktail glasses to die for
One Direction Singing My Life Would Suck Without You.<U+2665>
If anyone wants to challeng me on xbox live my name is (OpponentMrTKO)
I liked you till I found out you were a total bitch...
Sometimes I remember all the good times we had and memories we made then I remember all they'll ever be is memories sand we wont have more
Mane the Devil trying to mess me up early..but I got the Victory.
So tired. -_-
Vamp up time baby on
One thing that I hate is waking early.
thats how we roll nigggaa, we know everything..
Boy has pburg changed
McDonald's when your drunk is like getting a car on Christmas
Good Luck......remember black men and drugs just don"t go together> haha
Jamie Alimorad's EP Cornerstone reviewed in the The Noise mag #308 avail throughout Boston & Newbury Comics. Pick up your copy today!
you with us tonight?
At the gluten free expo in Chicago! Come see us!
"Wives may be merry, and yet honest too." -One of my favorite lines. From Shakespeare's Merry Wives of Windsor.
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DID OR WHO YOU FUCKED.. I'D GO THROUGH HELL FOR YOU NO MATTER WHAT
sat may 19th.
DAMN THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT!!!
Chipotle has to have the longest lines in Madison
when you get older alot of these HOLIDAYS dont have meaning anymore....
To mistake a subjective view for the objective view is unproductive
thanks man
c'mon what did I do? LOL
Follow along w/ #philanthropyweek RT : Often 1 opportunity opens the door & propels a family out of poverty.
Yeah but it's not the Rolento players fault that the other character is throwing fireballs from a distance lol.
just bought a new area rug that's really going to tie the room together. cc
I need to fuck a bitch!
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. ~Swami Sivananda
I got an email today about it and I think they mail us checks but I think it's also possible to get a direct deposit if you want!
i LOVE Some Girls!!!
Learning about EdgeRank from
March seems to be a bad month for you guys. Losing clients after sticking with you last March :-(
I like The Happening.
RT : Hiring again....looking for account manager to run brand + celebrity programs. Must have 5+ years experience. Tweet me.
Headed to the Bats game.
Video Amazing Cup Stacking Skills This Kid Got Fast Hands - cups stacking
Can someone explain to me why everyone is going on about how Cody is single or not???
We've got DJ Beach tonight. April starts at midnight, start it off right
looks good.
#NFAIS Key philosophy for Small Demons is to allow users to follow through. (i.e. Add all films mentioned in a book added to queue.)
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez now speaking to the press. Said there was tremendous evidence. Happy with the verdict.
crazy marked the bush on Michigan Ave NE. That camera has been here for years. Private property and defacing our home!
I'm happy you made it home safely
Deeply appreciated. Will do, sir. Likewise! ;) - the troublemakers
max & caroline meeting martha stewart in person.
Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have. And then I end up fucking with someone I shouldn't have....
Special treat! private label wine – “A Voice for the Animals” Syrah will be available for tasting & purchase at the #ChocoTweetup!
Hanging with before the show! Get to Sunshine Studios in CO Springs to see them play! Doors are at 6:30!
I just sent a big message out into the universe. I pray that it's well received and that people will be receptive. All I can do is wait now.
ppl jus stupid nowadays
Shopping, heading to Clear Harbor RT hey, what are you and doing in waupaca today?
I hope you win that jean jacket on !
be ready to toss the ball around
So, I think tomorro I'll be posting some new videos =) hehe
maybe another KY broad and lick you again. KY is a special place.
This will definitely help. It works out because with the VA his is all covered.
If you break rules you should pay the price.
Ha! Wow.
We get it! Love the music humor :-) RT We have 4,440 followers today. DING! (A)
you a Pacers fan or a Heat hater?
This is all Malarky!!!!!
Treat your intimate #relationships with gratitude!
About to have my first real meal since Friday.
stop by
#w2e is Tim's degree of scruffiness a leading economic indicator? If so, is the correlation direct or inverted.
is pretending it's the earring factory! :)
well yeah because God gave us free will. But you have to have morals. Without morals you'll only make bad decisions. And that
in the spring so it is warrrrmmm. michael's visiting me tomorrow and it's freezing lol (¬<U+203F>¬)
you gonna bowl with us tonight?
Oh (S)He is So Cute;D
Fucking bitch brings a cat home knowing im allergic to them -_-
PLEASE WIN CAPS
i'm from australia..:)
Aw hush! Lol
You should cite yourself! RT your own report and build that brand! :-)
Not even bothering to check my geometry grade. I know i failed.
LOVED IT and loved that her husband supports her also. RT : How did y'all feel about Viola's 'do? Gasp in horror? Admire her ...
mission accomplished :)
my first time doing one on my own. don't hurt yourself...its really rough. lol ;)
I really like bulk product import/export extension for magento... Helped me a lot with custom options and gallery images.
- If the BOSS says New Jersey, it's New Jersey
Ivy Champ Men&#39;s Swim/Dive Team Names Award Winners, 2012-13 Captains
Way to go John. You are the voice of reason on Obama pretending to care for latinos.
I realize I haven't seen your newsletter lately? Did I drop off the list somehow or are you on hiatus?
I can feel the birthday aloha all the way in the mainland. Give my love to your precious family. Keep doing amazing things!
HAHAH yup about you
The gods help them that help themselves.
Thanks for following! Happy new year to you!
i'm going to keep asking but i think i know the reply...When can i get your podcasts in itunes?????
are you at the Apollo?
Thanks Ty *head rub* lol RT : that packer hat cold
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
glad to hear it! Hope you get a win. We are 0-3.
“The best doctor in the world is a veterinarian. He can't ask his patients what is the matter -- he's got to just know.” ~ Will Rogers
uh oh armor readie is on twitter. BIM!!!!!
don't talk to me when your bored im not here to entertain you and don't come to me only when you need a favor I don't like to be used
no problem ;)
Spread The Word!! Super Producer Kenny Kapone has studio time available 404-919-6705
Hot. Sticky. Monsoons. Lightning. Thunder. Yep, officially summer time in North Florida. (thankful it held off until after #theplayers)
What the heck is wrong with facebook? Why can't I log in?
RT My friendships are based on can we get money together if u can't then we can't b friends ! U gotta have that appeal
Thank for all for the comments and likes. Please reshare if you can or invite your friends over. Thanks again
Democrats that defect from the President's position on not building the Keystone Pipeline are in danger of getting hosed by their own party.
Say it's not so! cc: NO how did i not know Betsey Johnson is bankrupt and closing?!?!?!?!?!?
RT : Amazing that Twitter now gets as many API calls as Google gets searches (both ~3 billion/day according to public statements)
But the Less you have, The Less you have to lose...Look On The Bright Side Of Things
And Arian Foster just bowed goodnight on the Bengals' season..
Kalamazoo what's going on this weekend?
- true sir! Sorry i missed this, I never got a notification for it. Damn Twitter. Ha!
cold cold rain
Watching a master teacher using an effective metaphor to teach concluding sentences. We all need more time to observe each other. Best PD.
• You can either watch or listen live, or watch or listen to archived games whenever you want. Games from other years too.
It's only fair to include Seattle to the tour. After all, we're the only city from the challenge excluded :(
thanks for follow and YOU have a nice day too
Tomorrow should be a good day! And then a three day weekend!!
RT : Nervous as hell
Just saw "The Doctor's Wife" and now I wanna see a book series about The Corsair. Get to work.
in business and in sports speed kills, I am not just talking about being fast. talking about speed of efficency, though and focus action
So you know that if you are so complimentary I MUST reply. Awesome, me? Gracias, mi amor.
funny thing about niggas , you never run out of em lol smh
How many times can I break till I shatter?
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo
He was a television entrepreneur in Boston in the 1930s--we have one of his TVs
cough it should be me cough cough lol wut? :D
Reflecting on Tiller's memorial service in D.C. today -- we need to share our outrage.
however, if anything gets to me along the way, I'll try to sell the tickets and get regular ones.............
Highs in the 70s inland, 70 City, 60s coast today. Sprinkle tomorrow, cooler, highs near 60. Warmest Wed. & Thu... temps in the 70s.
Well best of luck in your new venture then! :)
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
haha its ok sweetie!! [: i didnt find it stalkerish <U+2665>
is gearing up for another fun filled weekend! Contact us for your next special event! (405)447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
what up with your icon? I like it!
HEy guys anyone read tweet well if u didnt read this go to hoods circle soon to get lemonade for a animal shelter
i'm gonna go search for gold
exactly. I'd much rather spend my time doing things than tracking how long I've been doing things.
you got your own place?! How are you feeling?
you're preaching to the choir. I tweeted that link a dozen times.
We are proud sponsors of a 5K Charity run/walk for ... run with us tomorrow! www.kickitforkenya.com
Want to help 27 million slaves be freed? Download song 2day. Please do it now! Has moved from #62 to #50 in hour. We want 2 get to #1 2day!
careful. It's like the joke about being the smartest man in the room: You're in the wrong "room."
Wish someone would bring me tres leches
And based on his performance tonight, Dwight's doing his best to get SVG fired on the court too.
hahahha cant believe a frog just jumped in our house and our cat flew across the room like a bat out of hell and hubby rescued from cat :)))
and : Don't want to lose your constituents' support and your seat? Listen to us. Reject SOPA and PIPA.
Showed my friend a pic of a guy & her reaction was "it's like you looked up the definition of #sexpervert in the dictionary"
....three more hours
not really ,don't be using me, but when u trying to go
hahah nah she's not very Internet "social"
smh lmao ask if I can sleep over in a few days
Oh! *blushes* Thank you! :-)
Thank you.
Tell us what you are thankful for!
credits only apply to new invoices - we'll contact you via support to discuss other options.
I'd give you a great tip, though! ;)
Do you know how you want to be mad, but you can't be... Becuase things make sense ? Curse you logic !
Q2: What jobs not directly in #preservation are good ones for preservationists to consider?
Thanks guys! RT : Smokin' Hot Aces Mash Up Mondays featuring DJ Jeffery Thomas & special guests spinning rock & roll mash ups
House Party Tip: Make sure you know EVERYONE who comes into your house, and have someone stand at the door to control who enters
omgawd it like everyday i hve to read on fcbk ''Well , Good Morning Cuties ; ) <U+2665>'' like u say tha everyday '' Well buenos dia CABRON'' -_-
How is it when you take two people who are in love and make them one in marriage that the whole is greater than the parts?
Way to go, #DrStevenZeitels at , for saving 's voice. 's singers are so lucky to have you!
Gabe told me not to give up so I wnt
Was momentarily excited to see a new primetime show with ted allen until I realized that it was actually tim allen
Thinking of an etsy sale. Hint hint! Maybe when I finish adding my new watercolors. Come see what's in stock now! www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
lol... my bad
Is this the day you finnially notice me and tweet me?I love you tons.Have a lovely day with Mamma G.Happy Mothers Day:]
Got $100 bonus in my check.
I haven't gone to bed yet. How many hours ahead are you? it's not that late here, 12:30. Night night!
skype kurt.kelly, google chat kurtkelly
": I just met a planet5D reader in Vegas airport!" -yep we're watching ... even us that live in Vegas
Kyle Wilson vs DRC... we can't wrap our head around that...
The tasting room is OPEN! We have tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
Say a prayer for true gentleman and friend Dwight Arrington Myers...AKA Heavy D. He is with the LORD today and forever more...
I have Justin Buchanan scheduled for Chapel, but can't get thru via email to confirm. Do U have other contact info?
My sleep schedule is just.. Really messed up.
followed him back sir
David Beckham looks so hot in the Adidas commercial
good going chicka , only 4 more parts to go! Maybe do lunch or coffee before ur first pool training session. lemme know
BONESAW IS READY
i have nothing to regret
Had oyster for the first thanks to the #MATC culinary students.
i can be your hero
I hate it when I fall asleep during a good show, now it doesn't make sense!!
Here's to old dogs and long tales.
I believe I heard they are sending something. Let me double check. Thank you!
Yay Android love
Catching up on the DVR w/ Love the cameo in Abby's lab on
Grilled Taleggio-fig bruschetta using home-canned preserves.
I may be laughing while you tickle me, but I WILL kill you once you stop.
Okay just got a 5 mile in on the #Burke. How about you?
well if i'm going to be a ventriloquist's dummy i'd better practice living in this trunk
um...WHAT.
We've got a twin!!!
"The question...is not whether you get knocked down. You will.The question is, are you ready to get back up..fight for what you believe in?"
Blargh. That's not fun...You know what you have to do, right? Eat all of the ice cream that will (obviously) melt in the freezer!
Hi Can't seem to get into your website today. Would like to talk to you about doing an app for me.
i like pickles
I'm sorry, what? Red Velvet Pancakes? Is a thing, that exists?
Great ! I agree with you - let's boycott Hamas terrorists and ALL of their supporters! Stop terrorism now...
“ Awe shit, it's National Kiss Day. Ooh, about to tongue somebody down!”woah lol
#icantdateagirl who has a wiener
Moore supporters you have 52 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Catch her! Powerful way to remind friends to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
We have also returned to Premiere w/ Final Cut X entering the market.
Southeastern Louisiana State
The IL Marathon under 3:05! RT : Random Question: What's on your Runner's Bucket List?
lol I can only imagine!
My mom just asked me what I'm making her...All she knows is there's chicken and potatoes involved..
Trying to find an electrician for a couple of paying jobs we have going on. Shoot us an email if you know of anyone!
"When the cataclysm comes, RIPM will survive" -Cohen talking about their servers & security
Peter Lehner of underscores recent #green successes: 1) storm #water runoff management which threatens water safety.
so great seeing you on the marathon course yesterday!!
If the world is all a stage and the people are merely players...what's my line again?
Duke and Kansas are going to be early exits.
YAA YOUR HOT
Thinking about moving Orioles fanfest to this Sunday at 3, just to prove I can still get fans to show up.
Good morning, all. A Wonderful Wednesday to you!
What's with crew members forgetting their routine today? lmaooooo!
Blah blah blah!!!!!
I'm Crushh Free :D
everything's great, thanks for asking Chris. How are things on your side of the World?
Good morning my loves!:) What's my twitter family up to this weekend???
Game over. Luckily, my son is still cute and the next three Sundays just opened way up
Yo on the real, if you want to do it, do it.
thanks girlie! :D
is this the reall michael or a fanpage??
thank you guys!! <3333 late #FF :)
#WhatIMissMost is that nice cold refreshing beer that was just in that glass in front of me
Thanks. Looking forward to a great day of hockey. I think someone said that once...
u working today
I needed so bad to see my Musicians in Christ praising God on there instruments and all I got was another program with no dynamics..JESUS!!!
Where are you? Are you alive?
Today is 's birthday....wanna follow her?
Next on Las Olas is Roccos Tacos “You haven’t had Rocco’s until you had our famous Guacamole with chips, it’s that addictive!”
I just noticed that I can't spell.
lies lies lies! Lol I told you not to accept drinks from random people!
Watching Asians Aloud on HBO- loving the diversity
Theres always that person that brings everybody down
Since the Bobcats will become the worst team in history, do the Raptors become the worst team this year? They lost to the Bobcats TWICE!!!
Wouldn't be continuing issue if Hamels wasn't dense enough to, one, do it and, two, brag about it.
Thanks to for the invite, we will be at booth 4571 WIN A 10.1" ANDROID TABLET and FREE 3 months of Service.
Thanks for the RT, Hope you have enjoyed these memory games
my brother uses that one all the time.
Keep an eye out for for us on your campus as we hand out free magnets and carabiners with our fliers!
Why did Obama have to announce how proud he is that he & Michelle have the same-sex every night during their marriage?
yes, or walk really, really fast :-)
oh I got you on the meat ball tip...let me gone head and make some more noodles :)
Okay stupid rain, I guess you aren't stopping. I'll go to the gym for my run.
I went to march for dimes help the babies someday all babies will be born healthy
awwwe, thanks luv! it means a lot :D <U+2665>
New tune-yards video! This video is great, all smiles!
#shitfangirlssay literally in tears listening to sanctuary because perfect
I can't DM you? How much for those tickets??
Despite the nasty weather, Chilibrew was a blast. Though I'm mad at myself for not entering the contest...
You said you would come by sea for me, I will always be waiting at the waters edge for you .. Wind across my face I wait ..
Loving my TL
Raidundant has developed solutions for the #media and #entertainment market that help overcome the challenges of..bit.ly/nTxXyD
Sole Slam, Here I come !!!
Finally received the floor tom for my new drums. Pics soon!
sounds like a smart child.
why do you always do this to me?!
"Serious Windows" a new standard in energy efficiency Stay warm this winter Black Forest Remodel&Tile Can Help Portland's Remodeling Experts
: Thanks & we're grateful for the RT's! Looking forward to the fair as well.
Going Too Philly This Weekend
and I just watched that David Beckham commercial 4 times.
says free shipping on "qualifying" orders. So, bc I'm a bargain hunter on a budget, I'm penalized with $20 in shipping? Makes sense.
Thanks for the follow...but thank you so much more for the wisdom and light you have brought into this world and to me. Namaste
This "Hold Steady" Pandora channel has been a reliable programming buddy for at least a week. Good mix of stuff.
I so feel your pain. I am in exactly the same situation now - although I tell myself it's mostly my husband's stuff. ;)
Thanks for the follow...
i understand by why wasn't this already done? the whole things seems archaic / barbaric. in this day and age?!?
are we done now that your new friends are there?
thanks for the s/o!
thx for the props
your heart/facts R in right place on this, but what Romney is doing on "nice" issue is way to win. You want that, right?
Well damn I missed you this morning, Rise & Grind my dear! Happy #BLUEBLOODS friday, woot woot!!
Holy god that is genius.
Sending out my resume to #graphicdesign positions, let's hope one follows through
Keep your eyes on www.kylexingtoncommons.org this week for new stories featuring NPO Women Leading Kentucky and more!
Yeah, saw that on FB.
LOL! Yes! “: I'm going to the beach to bury metal items that say "get a life" on them.”
i just had dead ends and i felt that i needed a trim! haha
When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
Well it's been a fun night! Avoiding the heat all together has been fun now of to dreamland where you are allowed to be as crazy as we wish!
So tempted..hmph :/
Ireland is the only place where windmills turn clockwise. #odd facts
My teenage emotional roller coaster & use of a hairbrush as a microphone wouldn't have been the same without Whitney Houston.
RIGHT BACK AT YA! (how news partnerships are SUPPOSED to work #Freile/Carroll/Team !) Have fun w/ Marathon this wknd
“: Kief is like adding sprinkles on a cake. It's not needed, but it makes it better”
I love you too.
I'm bored,
I want to tell this guy he's annoying but I'm just Nice I can't <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include pride. What motivates you?
Grateful Dead Dancing Bear Baseball T-Shirt
What's your favorite animes?
Just saw Melancholia--amazing new film by Danish director Lars Von I-have-to-kill-myself-now.
Teddy Roosevelt helped the legalization of the forward pass in football back in 1905...Broncos today will have none of that nonsense
r e t w e e t ; if you're proud that austin has come so far, maybe the most talented man i know. <3 he deserves everthing he's getting now<3
Who wants a shout out ???
Damn this day turned into a smoke out fuk!
CHECK OUT THE NEW BOEING 787 !!!!
Still feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> too sick.... Adam made himself dinner so I could lay down. We're watching 30 Mins or Less & Lincoln Lawyer before bed!
thanks dunno what i'd do without you babe <3
The Silk Tie likes Dave!
Just ran into my choir director while doing a film project at Booksellers...
expert IT/server/network management at Lithium Networks
How you durn L.A.?
Thank you. But enough about me. I hope that you stay close to Christ and I know he has big plans for your life. your awesome! :D
I'm racing to win tickets to the #InTime Premiere! Please RT! #InTimePremiere please please!!!!
Happy mothers day to best mom in the world Love you hope you have fun with us today.
There are too many doors in the world to give up and assume that all of them are closed
Awesome! RT Reading Joshua chp10 and its so more rich for me, having read&heard 's Sun Stand Still!
We are going to have a Blast<3
need to see a pic of your Harley...
Success depends on decision making including bad decisions...perfect people make all the right decisions but there are no perfect people!
We have become a leading Xcel Energy partner with Xcel Energy's Conservation Rebates & Incentives Programs!
This is ridiculous!! Colton Dixon should not have been eliminated! Hollie you should have left!!! </3 </3
no I wanna hear his story that wood be like me saying who cares what makes u happy and that's not nice
looking good tonight. Rather see you tag with at #WrestleMania #
yomo! (youre only mindless once) my new trend!
Best vocals without a beard is our category!
Right foot injury ends Dolphins RB Brown's season early
i am
RT I don't read people when they pray but Tim... #SweetiePies // The lord understands. lol.
Definitely understandable. My thoughts are with you and my thanks go to your family.
good luck with your book signing today. Wishing the best of luck! If only I could find a way down there to see u :(
awww came straight here after practice. Sorry.
Just left practice , texting . # My Day was Great(:
Closing ur eyes on a bumpy bus can b relaxing ... or just sicking
Thanks for the follow!
Why can't the World be the United States of the World?
omg ur lookin amazing! Keep it up hunny, I love it!
do any of my twitter peeps use scrivener? thinking of making the switch.
Go forth in prosperity and victory.
Stopped on by to witness do his thing!! Sorry for the short stay buddy..taxi meter was running ;)
After 35+ yrs worth of presidential speeches, Reagan's speech after the Challenger disaster is the only one I can quote from.
just discovered a bat flying around my house and had to herd it out my back door!
Got to go Bucky with &
Some ppl are juss professional jeffers
Iused2beAddicted2Coffee No coffee?! I drink #GreenTea Daily yet drink hot-Chocolate-Coffee 4roadtrips! :)
omg i know! twitter's better!
happy holidays and a have a great new year from you'r fan
sorry some people have things to do other than wait for someone to tweet to them.
yes we should, your location is showing you're in WI. You back visiting, work, etc?
how did it go?
Don you feel anger at Hamas for using Children as human shields. How long will the Gazans follow terrorists?? Very sad indeed
Sure, Couchie will have to let me go!!!!
reconnecting with old friends from the junior high days.
Can't get motivated for school reading.. Maybe tomorrow. What I really want is CANDLES.
A True Iconic Legend has passed... R.I.P. -Whitney Houston. (August 9, 1963—February 11, 2012) {--------------
IS GOKU YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER FROM DRAGONBALL Z?
ugh i know
#TheyNeedToBringBack The Old Disney Shows !
is in total need of
beautiful baby, you should be proud, Congrats!
This is seriously the best movie ever
At this time services have been restored for the majority of customers. Sites on ecbiz97 may still be experiencing intermittent connectivity
Be careful out there, green Chicagoans.
That's good..I can dig it
I've only had my phone on for and hour and its already dying
When the bad out weighs the good is the day that I'll stop loving you .
1:0 USA ahead, really surprised!))
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
who got the pearls?
Hey Mark, the "Good Things" shirt design (and quote) on your site belongs to Credit? Royalties? Hm...
Troy Davis is Saved Great News ;+D
Jealous! Cranberry mojitos yum mm!!! RT : in your stomping grounds at the Palomino in the Crescent
I followed, but don't see it ending well
Bro hit me on the DM. Seeing if you still coming by the studio tonight or reschedule.
Thats so true...
If you're looking for United Way staff this morning, we are at Keeneland for a meeting with a key note from State Auditor Crit Luallen.
Thanks & it's because of role models like you that I do this :-)
#Answerthequestionjerk Salk, now that your wife is pregnant and cannot drink . . . will you also not be drinking?
Lemme tie your shoes, cos I don't want you falling for anyone else <3
I don't even know her twitter name lol text it to me
why am I all by myself in the picture on the card you sent ???
The sun goes down. The stars come out.
i will do unforgivable things if you follow me on instragram. Same as the twitter name.
#autism, I cried when I left I just felt very sad
Jinxes. RT: early entries do not help your chances, people. But I love your passion
YOUR JOKING.
I'm going to need a bigger home for that movie.
AQLV very nice no wonder we are the #1 chatroom for real traders and investors
crappy weather? im looking at 64 degrees and sunny right now, i dont know what you're talking about.
We might not have seen a bear, but we did see a Super Moon.
so like, my desire to share my twitter name with my current students is not totally whack?
RT : will preso- Soho Seminar Chicago:Co-Aligning The Corp & Personal Brand, March 4-5 featuring Brogan & Schwabel
please follow everyone!
Not a bad day
I'm not sure that dress is functional. I mean, can you hula hoop in that? -Miss Piggy
Falling Limbs: Suits Over Tree Injuries Show New York City x2019;s Aggressive Legal Tactics Some strategies, including secret video surve
#trivia is still on for tonight. Questions will be asked during Intermission
Yes dude !! I was like Omg ! Why ??
White girls gone wild
ntm my g,maintainin n makin sum new beats-n u?
(2/2) gonna have 2 say serious debts 2 b able 2 get r cable and internet back
Gianti I going to try! And thanks doll :)
just because your girlfriend broke up with you cause all you do is sit around all day, doesn't mean you can disrespect her belongings.
Agree? “Publishing is a business. Writing may be art, but publishing, when all is said and done, comes down to dollars.” -Nicholas Sparks
and by the way, i love your twitter background and profile pic...did you shoot that photo?
You will love it;) RT : “: It's a Sunny Crisp morning! The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is br...
Great experience at the children's hospital with the team! - GO DAWGS
Going Saturday to for #Barnstormer. Too bad no barn stops in upstate NY, but this will still be fun.
Where's my friends when I need them...?
this will be the longest week...waiting for our show to air on 48 Hrs Mystery...come on Saturday...HURRY!
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need. <3 ~Sleeping With Sirens
Sorry about that! The contest is over anyway, so I'll remember to actually link the form next time. Thanks for the heads up!
Thank you for the mention! :)
If you play hoops or coach and don't follow & then your wrong
sleepin like you misse the show or just heard him?
make sure you tune in tomorrow as Dave and Casey break down the 2012 NFL regular season schedule. Ah yeah!!!!
yea been out since April 27th I think
nun bord just like u lol
I am updating because I can't sleep.. Woe is me.
Do u think I can get a hint Sunday Post topic? Will b away 4 weekend & would love 2 write it 2nite & delay posting till Sunday.
good shit tonight. Get ready for Sunday. What time is practice tomorrow?
Its sad how the perfect specimen of a lady today turned out to be a lesbian
I really don't want to get this wrong lol.. I'd say cahldean.. maybe..
With my mom at her annual check up today. Madison WI treats its seniors really well. Maybe the scowl on my face helped.
forgery as a concept has an interesting history in its own right.
I said nothing. Two hours later, I naturally thought of the perfect response...
:D I missed you during aerobics today!
lol surprised I wasn't included in this...
My little brother is such a procrastinator. I don't know where he gets it from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lol.
i had the most cutest evening ever. <3
Thoughts of World Series year when I attended SF home opener against the Braves with my son. Go Giants!
A simple and beautiful statement: www.apple.com simply states "Steve Jobs 1955-2011."
oooohhhhh, nice! Well enjoy your day off, see u Sat!
Just found out my Boxes were originally Foxes. I even have a FOX who married a SLY. Not kidding! :) TeresaY
Dreaming about Adalberto's california burrito and a tall can of beer.
Its funny how people change throught out the years ..
rumors are that Aruspex will announce a strategic partnership with a major research institute next week. be on the lookout for pr release
Whale whale whale what do we have here?
Thanks! I've had that icon since I started on twitter and you are the first person to recognize it. Makes it all worthwhile
Are you having a #Austream today!? :]
Can Cain gather more momentum. He looks good at this moment but things change quickly.
Walk into my living room seeing my 3 year old sitter put my dog in a pillow case, shake it around, and yell "You got punked!"
we have 12mo to use it, so u tell us a good time!
So Ive been wondering where a pair of my boxers went, well I just found out. My roommate is wearing them...I just dont even know anymore eww
Still sick, this shit ain't cool
I wanted to thanks the 18 people who just followed me #StayClassy .
: Congrats on going 1 and 1 with
naw beer time and sports ctr
Great food/service but the ''air freshener'' in the ladies' room is enough for a bulemic to get the job done.
Pres Obama: "In last 22 months, business have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005."
Custom shirts? No problem. Cheap and quick we offer results not delays.
(also I was a Lecturer at the Univ. of Edinburgh when I received the fellowship--not sure if that's what you were asking)
I just saw this.. I was in the mountains in Arizona..! So unexpected..
Great news! I was bummed to see Chicago filled. Will have to sign up!
Invention is the mother of necessity, not only due to attendant and emergent technologies, but also made possible by manufactured necessity.
Mosquitos refuse to bite me out of respect
Hold the phone... Rhi Rhi tonight on
Yes--this is obvious, redundant, and possibly even ignorant--but libraries are amazing.
don't make me cry you too. I'm missing Cincinnati more and more these days.
#FF but no official Captain Caveman Twitter handle :(
they have Irish accents because of Niall lol
Its a beautiful day! Take this opportunity to stroll in and buy some #flowers :)
ive been for a while..
que pasa people!
Its supper cold
Hate when a client says they need something by Monday, April 19th, then I realize they probably meant Monday, MARCH 19th: tomorrow.
On set in the office for rock video today.
Normal Girls: "I wish I had a prince charming." Me: "I wish I had Austin Mahone."
haha I doubt she will
If you hadn't told me, I would have been none the wiser.
And we all know Black men are never falsely accused, right?
haha thanks. I have a lot more specific direction for talks 1-3 if you need any clarity. Let me know how I can help!
Mr. New Paltz is thrilled
so hungry, has barely eaten all day..
RT : We are the Champions!!
still early :(
oh! just realized i missed tweets :(
send me the info! Do u have my email?
Closing at 4 but we'll be open with the full menu from 11pm-3am. Awww yeah it's Friday
I miss the old you. But the old you died away.
Yeah luv no problem, I'm a singer too, I got music on my youtube, But I'm actually gonna start making videos of me singing<3
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. - Dale Carnegie
AT&T says I am eligible for upgrade!!! Can't wait for iPhone 5 to launch at WWDC next month. Hopefully Apple won't delay it.
#footballwives Hope yall have a Merry Christmas! :)
(For my deviantart watchers): don't forget about me even though im not posting art...plz..don't forget about me you gaiz.. *starts to sob*
u al ready no!
The whackness of the sound/staff/opener was the stuff of legend, but still played one of the best shows I've ever seen
The Oscar's red carpet!
Looks like &other trying 2 railroad t/ redistricting process left early. Didnt like what San Diegans had 2 say?
I don't even use my twitter, but I had to see The Super Bean for myself...hahaha
Bodemeister is the LBJ of horse racing
gotcha. If nothing else come to the roots & de la soul day... #priorities ;) should be fun! we'll have to meet up if you make it!
I love that "Ugly Part of Me" video lol
Need six more #CILDC tweets to cross 5000. Well, 5 more now counting this one.
welcome to twitter :)
Did you see the #Rubio pass on that last #Timberwolves bucket? Will start taking this for granted by the end of this short season.
Your so cool, thanks for being awesome!
Eating a pop tart I need some milk
Yum! Thanks for visiting! Come back again soon!
Buckeyes in Final Four. Only thing better. Buckeyes are National Champs.
Long line at the deli. Parked next to the cheese sample....
Holy crap! Nice run too! What a beast.
yeah I turned off Adblock and the first one on YouTube was anti-Barrett.
Now you have got me all fizzy. If the elves would only come and finish my new book tonight life wd be complete.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Very impressive of Erin. :)
So tempting to yell Cody's better when Trey Burke steps to the line.
Waiting on the train, bo.
I hope gets the TKO and his titleshot. Then he can rip the belt from Ben Henderson AGAIN! #TeamPettis :-)
Watching the first 10 minutes of #teenwolfseason2. ;D
Fantastic!! Thanks for the support. RT : I work in NICU :) already supporting my team!
Tweet ME
Ge Convection Oven Parts: Electrolux : EW30DS65GS 30 Slide-in ...
#swtc3 very nice simple "check in" screen. Progress. Brag. Move on.
I don't think I could ever put an Apple sticker on my car.
Time Will Tell
#Taboo2 Tonight ! Meet me in the Back VIP ! LADIES YOUR FREE ALL NIGHT !!!
Welcome to the Broncos.. Do you think this Peyton guy can throw?
So who's starting at the 3 then? Korver? Butler?
Watching limitless till I knock
it's not bad. It's just like someone never listening to rap, and then getting really into MF DOOM. Like, why not Jay-Z
I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian tonight 7-11 in downtown Orlando Florida with Susie Parks and Connie Fay
Tepper's Appaloosa back into big banks, tech in Q1
Realize I never gave final score in Writer's-Artists softball game. Writers Win, the Writers Win...16-12
omg, i'm gonna kill sammi. the hoe. leave ron alone.
Got it! Thanks. Will take them to the post office today! :D
At #ucf English Symposium listening to Dr. Sonia Stephens describe why fungi are a good metaphor for writing process. Pretty neat.
he got hurt in the Carolina game
coming to now!!!!
Many people die with their music still in them
Ppl keep thinkin I'm a mime w a green face but rly I'm The Mask from a specific scene
,to tell you the truth im very sorry but greatfull that im alive
I'm bored
Oh well. I kind of think it's to each his/her own. Some take it way too seriously.
we're great. lately its beena solid tradeoff between being really drunk & really hungover. can't wait for your triumphant return!
only home i can be ugly , hehhehehehe !
Just ate snacks that brought back from China; noticed too late the small print on every package: "Food Sanitation License: NO"
new music finally uploaded to the station!
It was a good day for the met sox
thanks for spreading the word Jen, hope you are well!!
I'm a WOMAN. I dont smoke, drink, or party every weekend. I don't sleep around or start drama
is currently singing to the little mermaid...
Broken down just outside of DC. Who needs brakes??
I say thee nay!
florida a fun team to watch cause they light it up from three... should be a great game with marqu
May that's less copyright and enters a different realm and I'm using the wrong verbiage.
thanks. I borrowed someone else's info and that worked, maybe a typo in my password
By the way, your man to follow for the fastest rain delay updates is
Thanks to everyone who came out during our last 3 shows! It meant a lot to see everyone out there!
Ah at this point any car will do!!!!
Happy New Year from Best Deal Computers! We will reopen with our normal hours tomorrow.
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 2
Very true. I just tend to see overtones of that sentiment in most of his writing about the academy and faculty in particular
Gonna need 4 stitches
Car crashed into a pole and caused all of San Diego to not have power?
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
WINNING ISNT EVERYTHING, IT IS THE ONLY THING...
JT should have come out in his Homelessville soup costume for this one
#survivor ha ha ha!! Check out Tarzan bathing Leif!!! Hilarious...
Geez I love when my retarded bus driver closes the door as I'm about to get on the bus
Oh, and there's kind of always been a lot of #MirandaCosgrove stuff on tumblr that tries to be funny, but I don't get where that started...
Trading #hipstercityshowdown memes with the inimitable Bexcalibur is sunshine on this rainy day
Haven't watched this much TV in a while...
bro!!! When are you coming to Louisville?
"Church should be more like a hospital for the broken than a museum of good people."
<~~~ says wtf he wants.
#alwaysgottabeahoe lol. Get off twitter enjoy the rest of your night with that girl, you know THAT girl *points* :P
It's a good night for a designated driver, and four-wheel drive.
Late response- I own it. :) Interesting read- some criticized her 'optimism', but def. a subject people are talking about.
Bless my Daughter, Bless my mother, Bless my father and bless my brother... Last but not least bless the less unfortunate... happy Easter
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
How's your voice?
"track room" under "raoul la mesa 100"
Lunch is back in Ullyot on 1st floor. Come on down so we can eat & jam! :)
I feel really dumb for trusting you even as just a friend, guess you weren't the guy I thought you where. Good luck with everything dude
I once read a decent sci-fi novel that took place in the Winchester House, took place after a mysterious apocalytic event.
#DirectionersLaughLikeNiall wanna trend? Tweet me or #DirectionersLaughLikeNiall and we will both follow you!
Libya troops launch assault on rebel holdout Misrata...www.tncnews.com (world)
Congratulations! What a fun opportunity. Enjoy!
hey beautiful hope you have a great weekend :)
Living in Doral is like being in solitary confinement.
as soon as I know some dates I'll let you know.
Philip Rivers cried at Kris Dielman retirement press conference ... all good quarterbacks love linemen
MICHAEL JACKSON HANDPRINTS ARE IN NOW AT GRAUMANS CHINESE THEATERS .. GO SEE THEM
Good Luck to Everyone Running the South Shore Half Marathon! Special love to my Wild Peeps out there.
I know! :D hehe
good nite bay give my kids a kiss for me
It is what it is...that's life- charge it to the game
If you're mistaking my bluntness for meanness, sorry but it's realness
Jason Sklar uploaded The Sembello Pull
yeah it was ((: loved it .
Just go off the phone with our manager. Our summer tour is coming together quite well! We should be announcing dates any day now.
Going to announce that you have signed with a team?
Wow. Just frackin' wow.
Snow in October proves that #Globalwarming is a myth...
on it. My whole month of May is going to be 'about that life'
#lolz RT : it was like $7. Way too expensive!
I really appreciate everything bro thank you
just announced: Robin Pluer's nephew Zachary of will be joining her on stage for a song or two at Turner Hall tomorrow!
why cant i just give life the middle finger and go live on the beach for the rest of my life.
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
Kobe is the only player in the NBA that gets compared to Michael Jordan
And you can't set alerts on your phone?
Wow! What a tremendous learning experience.
Not gonna lie, Don Rickles made me cry.
Back on campus for a whole 2 minutes before I run into kids doing parkour. Oh , don't ever change.
lol! "M-M-M-M-Mem'ries light the corners of my mind. Misty water-colored mem'ries of the way we were"
Natella and pretzels and a gloomy day(:
so fun! I'm jealous.
Marcum vs. Lincecum tonight! Early season Cy Young award showdown. Be there!
Omg I just woke up..
Piff is about to pop out babies and bitch is acting needy my animals are driving me crazy
is it still too late to Pre-Order Timescapes? Looking forward to the release of it soon.
hahaha so true !!
thanks for playing my song yall rockk
We're listening to your podcast on evolution and creation in my class next week. (US Intellectual History)
It was good catching up last night. It made me feel a whole lot better that I wasnt forgotten.
Going to sleep early early today!! To damn tired
um did I read that correctly..?
.HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I LOVE U U X X X XX
i do:-)lol
Singing again.
good tv on my dvr - Mad Men. Can't wait to see the season opener. Try the Voice - great show!
": Happy Birthday and love you guys!!! Be safe today!!!"
I was hoping 6 pack of old style and a bag of balls
that's exactly what I'm about to grow back
There's a little truth behind every "Just Kidding", a little knowledge behind every "IDK" and a little emotion behind every "I Don't Care"
Total nesting mode
Well, I dont have the exact figures but the global black hair care industry is in the hundreds of millions of dollars at the least
The world is the practice live stage for your premier in heaven. follow Christ's examples. Avoid religiosity and simply concentrate on HIM
omg i am so sorry someone hacked into my account and emailed everyone im following :( :(
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
So hungry, hope dinner is ready soon :(
do not like training courses that not helpful
Gotta go with the Pack. As much as I love the Brewers and what they've done so far, I've always been more of a football girl
I can't stand in da way ass niggas
ooooeeee! Now you're talking my language, hot spots for getting naked lol
oh duh! Why else would you be marching?! Lol that's kool I wish I could do something like that
Sure do love the game of - calling for ball, hitting the J and then forcing offensive foul. Good series.
Hi again...I know, my twitter etiquette response time is horrid! All fine here. Hope u r enjoying FL and the weather too!
Can you buy a #MegaMillions lotto ticket any where in Arizona?
so happy to have you all this morning!
is working on some site updates and marketing plans
I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga.
Where ya know me from?
they're okay, but icebats are clearly the superior ugly doll
Like david & goliath I conquered the giant
*:)* And it's all true. *he kisses you again*
#soschat Can someone point me to a good, thoughtful critique of CCSS?
Thank you so much for following--happy creating!
played my set and mixing "Darling" at 'The Station'.
Just flew in from a satellite service call in Santa Fe. Boy are my arms tired! Heh.
argh. How did I miss this one?
i hate to play stupid but what do you mean 5rts?
We said our goodbye but the truth is i never said goodbye in my heart.
So is the elephant :( RT : Spain's King Juan Carlos says he is sorry for having gone on African elephant-hunting trip -
Joey do u get to talk to James Stewart alot
From an evening of Bill Krueger, a mountain of empty hair product is created.
productivity in Palo Alto is suffering!
We shall never forget and always remember.
Guys! Guys! 's Please Stay Calm for iOS is FREE today! You can thank 's FGOTD for this awesomeness
4 more hours and im free!!
All praises to the spirit of the Egyptian people!!!
What is wrong with Engo? I've been MIA this week...
We will. Any pub is good pub I guess but jeez is this really the best they have?
1/22 App Special :Three Cheese Phyllo Wrap with Sautéed Pesto tossed Julienne Vegetables & a Roasted Bell Pepper Tomato Coulis
Red-eared Slider :)
just saw him last week and I have to totally agree.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELLEN!!!! LET'S GO SAINTS!!
eu guys watching the patriots game?
Great library book discussion today on ENDER'S GAME because we now have some new sci fi converts.
Due to some technical issues we are extending our pre order til the end of Sunday. We apologize for the inconvenience.
the song is called #imfromoakland ill email u the song if u want
i wanna take a nap
i can remember being so happy when you got verified on twitter... honestly i was jumping around. #randomtweet <3
"Cricket does not emphasize themes of dystopian violence, domestic disturbances, drugs and sexuality, or the pointlessness of existence."
It's taking everything in me not to make the first move
Thanks so much! :)) <33
Its another sunny, pretty day in Omaha.
What about audiences who use social media only to complain about your institution? How to handle?
Next pitch from student - how to display ads based on GPS.
Hahaha He claims he's not gay. When he says he's gay, he means happy -_-. You should see what he said about Kayne on twitter.
I havent been on twitter in forever. I feel so ashamed of my self, D;
Are you really not posting anymore covers?! Or was that part of your joke!
Jeff Corwin taking the stage at Insights conference.
Perry has left the Dr. Martin L. King, Jr Awards Breakfast. Gingrich is still on the scene looking comfortable, participating and engaged.
that's a popular one :)
It usually pops up around two (I guess 3PM for you) on the Up show page.
: and in pittsburgh off the charts. come back soon.
Just watched some scenes from step brothers. Fucking hilarious
wish it was raining here, sunny beach is SO tempting! projects first ;)
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights– EDX feat. Sarah Mcleod - Falling Out of Love (Tommy Trash Remix)
Supporting at-risk families can help children live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
Time With Teacher Raffle was a HUGE success! Stayed tunes for pics and videos...
Getting addicted to "The Kennedys" with pear vodka in hand. That JFK was a true American hero and horndog.
Its a great day to be a
awwwe shucks thanks :)
fear and loathing LML #
The news for John Travolta just keeps getting worse.
NW: Johnny Test
My nuts hang like it aint no curfew
Agreed RT : If you have Netflix Instant, I highly recommend God Grew Tired Of Us - documentary about Sudanese refugees.
“: People who read your messages but don't text back<” thats you all the time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Same tweeter, sure, but maybe the start of Spring Pops puts new bounce in your tweets!
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect. -Robert Louis Stevenson
because you had 45 people to kill. i mean 45 minutes to kill.
Revenge was fucking AMAZING and today is TVD I honestly can't fucking wait and I usually don't curse lol im just over excited
Limited bugs! RT : What’s the best benefit to #camping in #spring?
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT. Thoughts~>
I like U of A better :-) but he may not Thanx for your thoughts. If it is between us and UCLA chances are good. I hear his dad went to T ...
Thanks Joseph!
fun times Jilly :)
Smart kids or smart dads that had those kids? lol
#KCM is great this month, as always!!!
can't wait to see you again on #DWTS and hope you stay longer and hopefully even win this season :D
ok so I've never heard of One Direction and now I must google them!! Is it my radio career or Michigan?! LOL xoxo EB!
HAHAHAHA!!!!“: POLL: Majority of Americans Would Have No Objection If Rush Limbaugh Spent 3 Days Calling Newt Gingrich a Slut”
Hope all you FAC Heads have a wonderful night! Stop on by tomorrow, Super Silver Berry will be the Strain of the Day!
Wow, the #Broncos really don't want to pick in the 1st Rd this year. RT : Denver is trading out again...Tampa will trade to 31.
do they make green one's for st. patty's day?
Thanks for the referral.
We hear you! We promise it will be done!!!!
Today Eddie Bauer taught me how to tweet correctly. This tweet might be a bad tweet according to EB but....oh well! :-)
Special 3-man show September 4th @ McCormick & Schmick's in Tysons Corner
Got your email & looking into it. So sorry. Please stand by while we figure out what happened. Thanks so much. DoL
Isn't it the truth!
Man, our bullpen is amazing........
Loud and proud RT : Guess who has no sense of volume.. ! Loudest Dude alive...
Happy Birthday :)
Falling asleep in this darn chair <<<<<
now, it's to move to san diego, surf all day & bartend at night
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
you boys are #hockeygods great job tonight we are with you
thanks so much roger! Have a happy Easter! :)
What is the users name
instead she would whisper swag in your ear over and over
Wowie ZOWIE!!! Here's a special thanks to Sean for donating $25!! Thank you Sean! You are Chum Buddy, and also an International Heart Throb!
On the way to concert hall in Asdod. As their arena
Quod Erat in Veniendum => Which was to be found
are you a mom too? If so happy mothers day To you too!!!!
That tour is gonna be so good. Love some Deftones.
The noblest search is the search for excellence – Lyndon B. Johnson
#Imagine Liam looks at your hand:"Something's missing'' You:''What?'' Liam:''The ring I'll place on your finger when I ask you to marry me''
Can't wait for the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Fillmore in Denver November 18th!
I feel sick
i just tweeted the next set of guys
Now I tweet like everyday to get #oomf's attention.....
Hoping for him to Unfollow me! You know who you are :) hahah
Hey! How were the Turbo Fruits last night? Awesome, I hope. I just couldn't summon the energy after 4 consecutive nights out
Support your local business on National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. Qwip about your favorite local Mom and Pop and share with friends!
Who named Milton, Hutchinson, & Overton streets in RegSq? All were 17th C english radicals.
New week, same locations! Stop by Schlitz Park near Manpower today for all your Haute Taco needs!
"Nothing unites people like a common enemy." Question fear-based rhetoric.
It's easy for me, I operate as independent contractor, so all expenses are direct to my taxes. No one to answer to
ur pretty!! have fun, mine starts 10am;)
haha sounds really yummy! & umm, white. Why? Lol :P
for sure homies WORD
you all should tweet to follow me. hes my owner and is not following me. ): lol
Bahahaha, i don't even talk to him anymore so Idc what he says haha
Nice racing in Vegas. And congrats on top 10 year end points standing. Best of luck next season.
why all the conan hate? You tired of everyone talking about that NBC mess on Twitter like I am?
I'm a #Hoosier so I'm pulling for the !
NEW SHOW Apr Sat 30 Mudhoney, Bloodloss, The Monkeywrench, Green River $25. Tell Mark you love his work!
Wish was here!
Or.... is the most beautiful.... It's time to start thinking about !!!! :)
when you use a construction involving "years ago" and "QVC" we who went to college before you could shop via cable die a little.
Original iPad. But still own and occasionally use a PowerBook G4.
Hm, you should probably stay a few extra days so you can get just the right return flight!
Microsoft's search engine Bing means "virus" or "disease" in Chinese.So it is called Bi ying which means "responds without fail".
What?!?! Can't believe it ;(
what happened
When did you get that job? Good for you.
My manager is a grade A HARLOT for making me work my birthday and the day before...I will definitely be sleeping friday, saturday and sunday
This is going to be one of the longest months of my life.
wow yesterday episode was so crazy lol
I'm serious!!!
dude nice do!!! Come back to soon we miss you!
Wake up and do it (I'm gonna be so sleepy)
How about that awesome sweet tea vodka special? $4.50. Yeah
That's very generous of you, Paul. Thanks!
Excited about date night tonight. Hanging out with other couples from our church. Got our fuzzy navel wine coolers and I am ready!
I wish i was the letter P:(.
I wonder what some of yall would look like or be like if yall never smokedd..
is looking for a Credit Analyst- GREAT COMPANY!! Pays 35K. Email your resume to **
couldn't agree more.
We stuck to questions the community indicated they wanted to know more about so we didn't get to it unfortunately.
sounds good :)
Worst advice your Mom has ever given you...
I don't know. Think your boys are in big trouble. KG wants this one bad.
#HolidayOpenHouse today until 6pm: Free mulled wine, Samples of Local Gourmet food, Wine Discounts, Gift Ideas & More. Cheers!
Why oh why does Orland Park have worse traffic than the city?
Austin's performing his first real concert in Houston soon! AH! SO PROUD OF HIM! <3
My thigh is twitching. Either I'm stressed or fat's trying to escape.
En route to Pepper
Glad to know the car jacker had since enough to flee and let that baby make it home safe.
RT : Football >>>>>>> any sport , any activity.
I dislike all NY teams so I will root for the Buck tonight ! I will root for any team playing a NY team.
Some stop working today, not me, busy last day of the year.
me too!
EL CENTRO, UNT, UTA, SMU, & THE ART INSTITUTE. Everything about any other college, TRASH :)
Mighty in battle now my Victor be Death has no power when You hold the key :: Be Thou My Passion
hey Megan thanks for following us! :)
... that if I order right then they can ship it today (wed) so that I'll hopefully get it by Fri. Of course it didn't ship wed.
N' im up out to the Car wash Behind my house..
vert jump, 40 dash, pro agility,bench press or push up then punt pass kick
A quote for the day: (with a smile on his face) "come on though, you can't tell me Bill Gates doesn't have some Apple stock"
Hopefully EXCITING!! ;) RT : who thinks #OscarFashion will be boring? exciting? predictable?
“: clear discharge no fever, sneezing, itchy eyes in spring usu. allergies if fever,phlegmy discharge, maybe infection #latism”
Starbucks' Gluten-Free Valencia Orange cake is surprisingly yummy!!
Which video/page isn't captioned?
Settle down big homie
oh yes on friday! :) tahaha NO! jk :)
Hello to you as well!
Yes, Only Loaf Can Break Your Heart
i will when i get home! <3
Bobby Light brings the heat!
We have added new video games to our arcade! Come in and win the best prizes in Houston!
22 people, if I just counted right...
Nearly every elem school teacher in KY would teach social studies.
unfortunately, no...
looks amazing!
Anyone falls in love sometimes, I don't know but you but it aint no crime. (Reggae joint)
All I can do right now is think of crappy times and if I done things differently would things be different? Questioning this a lot rn.
- wow, that was close there in sending Belt. But we'll take
Only if we understand can we care. Only if we care will we help. Only if we help shall they be saved. -Jane Goodall
Late night bites tonight from 11pm to midnight...pizzas by Pandel and sundaes by Rockman. Perfect night cap!
Only a few more days to get #ABQuirky ! We are reading through your submissions and cant get enough! Keep them coming!
my last tweet sounded like an obnoxious greeting card
you mad bro? Nahw , I ain't even mad .
Bullying Prevention Tip #4 - Stand Strong and Speak out #schools on the issue, it truly is that important..
I think is right. Typos breed in the night.
Im in my spanish class and im bored!:/
I C All Theze Look Alike 2Pacs Sayn He Still Alive 41 Years Ol N Shit..... I Need 2 Hear A Voice Tho!
NOT POSSIBLE FOR EITHER ONE OF US
thanks for following..
Truth is we wouldnt know where 2 start off 2 dance like a stripper. Lolz!
will you be at school tomorrow?
It's not updated daily, if you read the article it is a composite poll of their most recent data. Looking good so far
lmao but they would be so beautiful!!!
aussies are so amazing, aww so proud to be an australian citizen :')
He was the creative force behind the Marlins home run celebration...thing.
a day that I work is always a good day :) l/t gotye (REMEMBER l/t?!?? Ahh the #YahooMessenger days :)
ok I will ;-) let.me know and dont forget
I got u Boo!
I will thanks so much it's nice to be on my own lol how you been wats new
im studying we can talk about this at practice tomorrow lol
“: The "what to call CJ" conundrum is plaguing me today. >> someone yesterday said, " you've been saponged!"
Now I know who my real friends are. I make an effort and you blow me off? Whatever.
I still don't get it.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Wow!!! Morning is SO early when you've been on vacation.
What you swervin on?
#SomethingIdonthave: a fuck to give. lmao i should really get on here more...
Happy Friday!
True Recessionistas have probably already heard but for those who haven't...you can shop TAX FREE @ 900 North Michigan this weekend!! YEAY!
Looking white when your not <<< -_-
Hi Ryan. noted that we should touch base. Lauren and I are helping to run a writing center this year.
yup! for sure
if you followed me tonight I will go down the street yelling MEGAN FOLLOWED ME(: I really will too:D
Dear , I was just invited to a Friday nite party to celebrate your passage thru Koreatown. I'll be shrink-wrapped too.
damn....thats true
The majority of coaching transitions involve those who are under contract or they "quit" briefly with their eyes elsewhere.
Just catching up on updates, and planning on working on more animation frame studies. Got to stay active.
with grading final papers comes the inevitable groveling and excuses-why its late- ah awaiting the grade grubbing phase-
S/O to and for letting us be great in
JJ Taylor Expo today. Sample #Schellsbeer at the Depot DT #MPLS 4-8PM. A special #cask of Aged Maple #Stout will be served by JJ Draft Crew.
Is it cool if you wish Desmond loved you as much as he loves Penny? Asking for a friend.
Hey Duke, Missouri loves company!
lmfao!! This one lady almost ordered the whole thing. Then gone ask for some diet coke
Finally came to your senses, Grandma!
doors open at 9 and we go on at 9:30
omg so much worse than that I can't even explain it over a tweet
CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE
I just seen that! :-)
You make me sick.
Money make the world go round i showd main man "Gene'Bo" i few trick's to make these hoe's go dwn..
Good night!
Flatt Energy Cola endorser?
so far I'm digging it. Lots of opportunity here for me. Which is awesome. But I'm gonna miss home.
. . . Men and women differ as essentially in their minds of modes of thought as in their forms. (1857)
Went to gym ran ate lunch now back to work
*~heckz naw man i lost my math in the real world and now ima fail~*
Lonely... #cuddling would be my escape.
Spending my Saturday morning watching Phantoms. Ben Affleck was the bomb!
I'm on time release and I'm just about to hit -HCD "
I am not sure how it happens anymore but I think you will automatically be put on Amazon. Write to Smashwords as ask.
BO announces that increasing oil supply will not decrease prices. He is either an economic imbecile or he is a purposeful liar.
you guys make handsome #sparklers :)
You sly devil you.
Healthcare episode of the office is one of the funniest. Ever.
No sir, not me. Too tired. Everyday I'm hustling...... Salts
Oh, you like that huh?
you're always my number one, just don't tell the kids.....or the cat Hugs
You always pull off whatever hair-do no matter what
well I'm team PM all the way, but that picture made me happy.
Never the one to gloat...but I do this fashion shit yo.
no problem. thanks for following back
Ahh i been Good man, Planning coming to see my younglings at vp soon. Aha but Wassup, How have you been?
i love that my biggest problem right now is trying to see the computer screen despite the glare of the sun. #spring! #baseball!
I'll send it to my faculty if that would help or is that too many from one place-
the resurrection as the second half of the story. NTWright would say the R is actually the climax.
Finally trying out - NYU area eatery bucket list!
Ha ha! It probably does. ;-) Tell me what you think after you're done!
grandma likes to party, eh?
The Modeler forces Batman into an identity crisis by registering different URIs and FOAF profiles for Batman and Bruce Wayne.
RT yess!!!! “: Group txt has changed me n my niggas lives!”
I dislike Obama. No me gusta. Not at all.
RT What's the Soup du Jour? It's the soup of the day! It's Chicken Tortilla. We just added15th beer to our list!
Ok my bets are Union Rags, Bodemeister, take charge Indy, Daddy Nose best, Hanson, gemologist, and done talking is my big long shot
Thank you. I think.
I'm a broad too.... wait : hum I wish !but I wasn't not able to make it at their wedding I was abroad ..:(
Drugs Used for Psychotics Go to Youths in Foster Care - New York Times
Being introduced by a former student (one much smarter than me) is very cool.
sweet.. judo at all ?
Yeah, but like what makes us assume that? Give me a break, this is the first I've heard of this theory!
how do you think they can afford the $100 credit for all customers this month? :-)
Watching show excited to see children!
I need to try something like that...
There's hope. It doesn't cost a thing to smile. You don't have to pay to laugh. You better thank god for that.
My eyes are so watery <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
hi, Rose!
Thanks so much!
my ass hurts
I'm totally honored. Thx.
would you bring me a box of Eat N Park cookies when you move to LA?
...which is open source and free. A lot like Blacklight (also built on Solr), but for genealogy and historical records!
S/o to for making my day <3 Follow Her!!!
“Hey…You Don’t Know Me.”…Well Lets Both Thank Karma For That…
Society my love. The biggest bitch of them all!
i'm seriously ready to go protest to the Gov't! All this nasty food that's readily available & sponsored by the gov't is KILLING US!
I want some lol!
Insomnia home fries.
Sarah your icon is so cute! You're freaking gorgeous:D<U+2665>
Not yet, but those are great ideas. I'm petitioning my editors ASAP.
CUBAN SANDWICHES AND PASTELITOS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Is there a German word for when you re-discover a website that you meant to bookmark like three years ago?
I knew I missed you! Come visit! Sometime in the Fall when we can get Pumpkin everything pref
what are you clowns doing in my state?
But done with the whole situation bcz tht was the dumbest thing I've ever heard
Guests and fish start to stink after two days. (Spanish Proverb)
Raiders get the first down, thanks to M. Bush
Happy Birthday beautiful! ;)
"No Need To Front, Homie Pardon my Back...Im Gettin it crazii How Retarded Is That"
would you like to help to make symbalooedu.com work in phillepines to improve education on world level. Please reply
happy sun g
not sure if my aunt is lying 2 me...did jelena get married in Hawaii?Is she lying...question 2 beliebers...RETWEET n reply ur answer me
Sorry to hear about your loss. my prayers go out to you and your family.
Adams: The people who *could be getting benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
Son, describing a "social" site: "After a while, I just didn't get the point." Pretty much sums it up.
Romeo and Juliet was amazing! I missed the 'between scene' commentary, though.
Ugly guey -.- stop it
Im ALWAYS on my
RT : LOL! Didn't even know you were on Twitter, sir! Great hearing from you :-) #nowfollowing <<my MAN!!
they'll be great when they need to. We will route hard for our team and let the chips fall where they will.
a far more valuable passer than someone (such as DWill) that picks up a large percentage of their assists on outside shots.
Weird finds a way.
Be happy in front of people who don't like you. It kills them
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
and what city would that be?
Every haircut starts with a reminder of how awesome I look with a bowl cut...
gone call the Pastor --> So...I told Rodney if the Giants win we could get married...OH SHIIII
Link didn't work.
like Poe, but watch Miss State game. You'll be disappointed. Pushed around. Non-factor. Wasn't doubled much in game.
thank you so much for your support Shiho!
Awesome! I will include it tomorrow. Hilarious! :) Thanks, Estelle.
it was tiring until the last hour of work, but it is ending quite nicely now I'm home. Glad to hear yours was good! :)
Heading to Aruba w/ for 2012 Aruba Poker is back May 3rd!
Thanks for that mention!
The #swsea11 hashtag got kidnapped by porn spammers ... again. , you need to get on top of this!
stats huh!!
Florence Welch next friday!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The kid is cute and whoever leaving nasty comments is insane in the brain.
more oftentimes than not, it irritates the piss out of me.
R u keeping up with your workouts this month? Need some accountability? I'd love to be your partner bc we all could use a little help.
how about you come help me clean up dickface
I'm starting to like the color pink lol. (surprising)
Appraise war in terms of the fundamental factors. The first of these factors is moral influence.
You obviously don't want me in your life anymore.
I see. He's calling for tougher lobbying laws. That's rich. Not as rich as he got breaking the law, but still rich.
why thank you! I love it!
what lol? you look nice with glasses on :P
I should sleep now...
Ok Raiders Gone 49ers Gone Whos your favorite now please don't say New England, We hava Manning in da house Good Luck!!
Found the panera bread of ATL: corner bakery.
Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil.
Thinking About Going To These Graduations Tomrrow In My Home Town, But I Swear I Don't Wanna Drive...
proud owner of a rolling pin. let the baking begin
BABY COME BACK. lol no, just kidding.
Strikes me "creepy" is giving "terrifying" a run for its money as Most Effective Adjective on the Internet.
bo on not getting the invite!
i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time
tell her to get off the sink though..!
Being stuck on a bus for hours & in need of restroom is a fear of mine, hence I drive. Also, SO cold waiting outside for bus :(
We only need 5 more followers for 500 :-O
Bout ta close ma circle f**k azz Nigga
Today is the day to honor and remember all U.S Presidents. Happy President’s Day!
Now booking for Friday, Saturday and Sunday after Thanksgiving!!! Check out my special $85. an hour reading! Nov.22-28th www.Askamedium.com
well look who it is
way to follow up once again. Jets to trade up, maybe not, absolutely not. Hey at least no typos!
So does a little bit of Taylor Swift & Demi Lovato. :)
you r better off working ....
Give urself the gift of good health. Plan time to exercise and make it a priority. Eating a healthy diet is key! Think lifestyle change.
Closing one eye to see straight
I know right! It is gorgeous!
they normally announce when single game tickets go on sale I've done it for years
On my way to
Hate it when I bring yogurt but forget a spoon. I'm actually thinking about trying to use this straw rather than walk 6 floors to the cafe.
B-Utiful day in CHI!! Unlocked Great Outdoor Badge (about time) on run 2day Off 2 4
THANK YOU! THATS WHAT I TRIED TELLING EVERYONE -__-
And 'The Princess Bride' would be a lot more confusing.
Glad to see The Giants won. Anyone but the Patriots so I'm happy!
The Vanity Project tees and hoodies are now available on DoGoodBuy.Us!
hopefully you'll have better luck! I'm coming home and am just ready for my bed!
Faith is only effective when placed in someone ever faithful and unchanging, and only one meets this criteria - God.
so... i want to "like" this.. lol
lol, as good as it gets! Thanks for the +k's
Love the April Fools creativity + humor. Can we do this every day?
Any other one not giving a damn about Amy Winehouse's death?
After driving through Chesterfield County last night, this pic is truer than you think.
Really? You can believe what you want to believe. But Catholicism has had a long, dirty, violent history, so I'll pass.
Preparing to attending the #SPC11 SharePoint Conference in Anaheim, CA. Are any of you guys planning to attend?
What peoples said at first sip of Sakiri vodka: WOAHHHHH! OMG!! So Smooth and taste good! Is it Vodka? Our answer is YES!
Butter beer at Hogmeade
They tell me you blue sky's fade to gray. They tell me your passions gone away, and I don't need no carryin' on!
Blowing on his overgrown pitoodle stick & reaching through the thicker places in r heads intelligence was never ever surely this hard 2 find
is at Milwaukee Irish Fest for a spiffy meeting.
Excited to get my copy of #cardsagainsthumanity once they are in stock later this week.
A phone call from is the best way to start the day.
#MenNeedToQuit fronting ....Real ass or Fake ass...youd still put it on her...
It is done this way: count the number of chirps in a 15-second period, and add 37 to the total
Hi Dori! Wanted to reach out about a family Dallas event but couldn't find contact info. What's the best way to get in touch?
4 questions to ask for transformation #3 How do we do it?
I need an ultra grip yoga mat! Any suggestions or favorite brands? Thanks!
RT : I just want to cuddle in bed while watching movies and eating whataburger
Thank god for you, Kovy.
This #REVOLunion will make folks pull out / buy / borrow "Parade". Find a live show from that era, too. An NYC soundboard just resurfaced.
15 years old
Help i am still getting your account cannot perform this action error tried logging out, tried clearing cache need HELP HELP
In admit I like the first Home Alone. But that's all about John Hughes. No faith in rebooting Home Alone's or Vacation w/o him.
100%... Forsure, hands down. I will dig deep in my throat and pull out my vote! Cheers!
Its not to bad if it is crushed ice.
Hearing music, texting and tweeting in class like a fucking boss.
got that old school Benny beaver sticker on my car
Descaling Your Coffee Machine - Q&A
im going to shower .
It's Friday! Hope everyone had a great week and wishing everyone a great weekend!
I applaud your minimalist concept.. I say one year before it goes out.
missing you! Hope Howard and Arizona are being good to you!
Doing my nails and Indulging the scent of Randee Zandee, Yum Yum! Coconut, lime & vanilla. What a trance.
when is the #rain supposed to hit the area - Mainly 65 south toward Louisville? I'm traveling that way after work..
You look beauti....fat
"..they gon' love me for my ambition."
Pitching about to start #swbay - good luck to all!
I don't believe it. He would have to care to do it. RT I missed it!! WHAT??? RT : DA just LOST IT on a reporter!!!
who do you root for when duke plays state?
Attention grabbing trope which doesn't challenge the readers' preconceptions. Plus, who doesn't love a good boogeyman story?
This is funny! Hey, guys. What's the score of the g...aw shit...”
Thanks for the shout out! The Paris concert was spectacular!
Just rocked the streets of Jersey w/ my two younger sisters to this fourth of July's official anthem: Jungleland. Big man you are missed!
Thursday nite cocktails in the lobby of the Marriott.. The Best
Research and Markets: Australia - Digital Media - Music, MP3 and Podcasting
Reminder: Walker's criminal defense fund is for his actions as Milwaukee Co Exec. (His actions as guv are a separate problem.)
It's Friday!!!! Time to have some fun and relaxation!
Thanks for watching!
He's hilarious, plus I think he could he me straighten out my life. Figure out what's important.
I want some ice cold lemonade. But I'm too lazy to go out. Fudge.
what? Lmboooooooo. You know how sisters are. Pull stuff like that and don't even realize it lol.
Just wanted to give a shout out to some of our customers who've tweeted to us. Thanks for you #FF!
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
do you know where? Can't find it.
Turned on #TheVoice. Tony Lucca did a great job with his version of 99 Problems.
back at ya Big Joe !! rt
in partnership w/ #USC & brings you: Endangered Opus: Benefit Concert for #Egypt!
There are days that all I feel like I'm doing is creating low-hanging social media data for someone else's research.
i wish i knew how to go to sleep before the AMss
she need to get bopped right in da head for that
good luck! hope you achieve your goal and look hawt for summa ;)
When is super big I will be able to say I've been here since before 1000. Shoot even before like 300.
Amazing year end. Closing deals. Great way to end the year.
RT : “Sometimes life gives us lessons sent in ridiculous packaging.”-Dar Williams
Hello Welcome, we are new to Twitter. But so very excited about sharing our world of printing with you all!
Good points. So, you would say ability is malleable, correct?
Ha ;) Glad you tuned in. It's all for the kids....all for the kids (and parents of course).
no problem man I hope it works out.
anything for you.:)
You sexy and you know it!!!
on CYA I can neither admit or deny!
Shiller FINANCE derived fm Latin 'finis' (end) BUT prefers 2believe as field that allows GOALS to be achieved
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world! It beats #money and #power and #influence. It is no more or less than #FAITH in action!
This train is so dry.
Oh my gosh wish I was there!
They don't have enough subs to sub out everyone on a yellow...
it was great! Thanks!
Go for it Lance! And I trust that will give this thing a fitting number of GoPHs.
Smh... NO EUROPE!!! This is me being a good friend and saying no.
I was on set the last week so I already know ;)
RT People are born. People die. MCA lived.
PLEASE HELP ME D: okay so what song should i sing in the talent show can be a song i've done on youtube or a new one ready GO <33333
Kansas had a chance but Kentucky is relentless. Wow no one can beat them. They must be shooting 65% from the field.
you have your phone or is it taken away again? Lol
ORCID phase 1 will not support IDs for institutions.
I'll be in 1 big room, full of bad bi$tches!!!
We have the last middle school concert tomorrow.
thank you for sharing our deal!
busy day tomorrow an tired as heck right now
31 hours to the biggest celebration of #DCtheatre all year... the Helen Hayes Awards! Follow the fun at
happy mothers day to my mom and all the moms out there! I dont know where I'd be without her
I love the hats! And I love old lady dresses! Just wondering why? Why both old lady dress and big hats but no make-up? Only allwd 2 out of3?
I'll be far worse than last time u saw me play, remember I've been skating in a league of Craig's for the last 4 1/2 years!!
Tune in tonight to 's Fri. Night Flava hosted by C-Lo! Dope mixes from your fav DJ's. The official start to your weekend!
A girl shouldn't have to rely on her boyfriend to feel beautiful.
Sexy Halloween costumes can showcase your daring and fun side
DUB Locks music video in the making!
Oh, goodness. If only. If. Freaking. Only.
yes, witness media archive reunion!
N-n-n-n-new song coming soon! Sorry for the delay!
esperanza spalding, that was beautiful
very cool... thanks for following. I need to get you connected to .... the event looks interesting.
It needs an occupation to try to put pressure on the government to focus on giving it sufficient funding (money)
Judd Apatow tweeted about wanting new podcasts to listen to. You should tweet him! I did, too. :)
Oakland PD is hiring, qualifications: Must have big enough balls to take on women and unarmed peace protesters.
It taunted us, I'll have you know.
You and I have very similar situations. I have the same exact problems.
we can pray in multiple ways, including quick thoughts that we dont speak out loud
I want to audition for the voice
Spring is just around the corner. Try to mix up your attire with some lightly-colored pieces.
nope ima be like lloyd u should make another song with chris
How did your emotions provide feedback on your choice of thoughts today? I am fearless, peace-filled, abundant, grateful..feels great
anyone have an extra scooter they could bring for me tomorrow? :)
There is a pain on the left side of my chest. I think I'm dying. If I'm not here tomorrow.. I love you all
Sometimes you do cause my mood to be sky high to rock bottom and things aren't to cheerful anymore.
received your brochure in the mail. Thanks
Remember the show the Marriage Ref?
I'm tired of not being able to go anywhere in my car
Seems slow to me - but the kids and I want school to be out, so I think that's the problem.
Truth: When I realize I overslept, I jump out of bed like a ninja.
The #Mariners offense, like a reverse bear, hibernates every summer.
Relocating harvested 20'-22' long pine wood to our other location in Brookshire, TX. Our beautiful wood is available and can be delivered!
God I bless Your Name for another opportunity
no right :o
That's really awesome about the shelving from Borders. Congrats
And yank still has to be parsed, which can be a pain.
I don't understand why people take pictures of themselves showing their middle finger… seriously, was the camera mean to you or something?
Actually, I'm originally from MN, but have had a home here in PGH since 1994.
Hey ellen you rock!!1 if you see this wil you reply that would make my day XD
RT : POSH TONIGHT FOLKS
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle The Exorcist
Some people must be blind cause I dont know what the hell your looking at sometimes... Your judgement is way off
because you can only ask for so much collaboration & creativity, in 6 different classes... need space and time to reflect
Its Friday May 11 Happy birthday to The BEST Mother!!
these R my accounts please follow 4 local info, 4 E mesa pizza, 4 me, for new Sci-Fi
sorry. Twitter did it. Not Me.
I can only get an erection if blood rushes to my penis.
thank you, sweetie!
"Under the full moon, life is all adventure." ~ Sigurd Olson, The Singing Wilderness... We have one gracing our skies tonight... AwoOoOoOo!
Today turned out to be really nice c:
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green. ~TC
Don't get me wrong, love the Cowboy, but its great to hear Marty and Thom call the game.
Do you know anyone on Twitter with a cooler profile pic than ?
when you get it, you gotta show me!
yep...I still think that the President is saving the best for October and Romney's got nothing but reruns
thank you for the #ff!! hope all is well with your re-write - looking forward to your next awesome blog post :)
For those saying my last tweet was harsh consider that 1. That was my extra copy I bought for a friend. 2. Journalists have been too lenient
ok tia. You sound like your buddy richard
Have you read the book yet? Lots of other good stuff besides the letters...
Nice. Wonder where the increase is coming from. SD? Let Hussong's rejoice.
Can we please stop doing the shot where you watch from inside the car as another car in the cross street to crash into the driver's side?
I did wonder how people would react to the changes as I added quite a bit of material
amen! you = wise, guru-esque!
No, Billings is all that I am using for now. What do you use?
Family guy<3
hoping for a travel call? In the NBA? come on Blazers
February is going by so quick!
hey kids!
Don't forget to check out our fall schedule. Email Paula for more information
Thank you so much for the follow!!
I pray im 100% by next Tuesday
You're thinking of Elton John's Oscar party.
damn u don't show them hoes no love lol
time to go headed on my way!
Before we get into a relationship, show me the HOEfax!
On Dec 17, Stephane Roux, artist on Zatanna and Star Wars: Agent of the Empire, will be doing a store signing from 1pm-4pm
I saw it! Admittedly, it's not too hard to spot the shuttle when it buzzes the Washington Monument 3 times in a row.
Yeah your right, it would be better if you got drunk and made her carry you...Because Drunk Tracey = everything's better
Just wrote a sonnet. Forgot how absolutely hard it is to write and maintain structure.
no but this time I'm sick of them
Girll where are you moving?!
GOOD LUCK!! we love you! :)
The #DTSBCO 20th anniversary performances at #GWU last night were magical.
My message is simple: take control of your life.
I ain't even tryna find out who he datin
#FF right back at ya! Enjoy the weekend. :)
Charlize Theron uploaded Charlize Practices Her Oscar Acceptance Speech
Bout to hit the Gym! ... Home Gym that is and then ... NAP TIME :-)
yeah one of the two let go. I was checking n my son she rides by my Bm house I get a pic MSG its my truck I go outside and ugh
hell yeah
I second this!!! Oh, and bacon wrapped hot dogs also please :)
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30sasking for a ride to work!
Can see the Citi lights from LGA. On the way over!
Did anyone see MC Hammer tonight at the Hudson Hotel? Cool blast from the past.
Kind of got locked out today. In the rain. And cold.
Ya think?? :) >> MT : I'm suffering from a bit of "sports overload" lately.
Too grown for the bullshit.
GreenWays Trails Fund
im going to miss that long hair <3
BABY LEAVE THE WATER BY THE BED FOR LATERR <3333
My dad wants me to go to prom.
it's not on for me :/
Greetings, Twitter world! xD
True Greatness!
Staring at the world through my review competition there is none B.E.T.awards Oct.1st we in the building where u gon be haters kill yaself
Yeah! Let's get on it. Lol!
sounds like a very hairy adventure.
when doing high volumes of displays my philosophy is keep it simple & keep it stocked. Do pretty & more creative ones quarterly.
>>S/o back at cha homie!!!
JUST GOT HOME FROM WORK LONGDAY SUNNYDAY JUST ENJOYING THE BEAUTY,,,,,,,
Great as usual -- about 20 showed up for an evening presentation near the crunch time of the semester: I was impressed!
Just wanted to say i fucking hate you. (:
And this class needs to end so I can get on that Supremes flow.
find things for me!
lol will do.
trying to figure out how to frame digestion in cultural terms.
We want to know what our readers want to see more of? What stories do you want to read? Exciting things planned for the mag!
batting cages? Yes please.
Enjoy one of NM's finest solo pianists, Bob Tate tinkling the ivories in our Black Diamond Lounge! 5:00p-9:00p
hey guys! Sorry we couldn't meet up yesterday looking forward to meeting with you soon about an event or crawl in january
String cheese, red wine, and Revenge. Wrong, sure, but delightful.
Hearing some very deep thunder so far in southern WI. Cpl flashes of lightening
Writing and tracking is about 95% complete. Still a few odds and ends to finish up this week.
Oh it would also be great if I had friends who actually gave a shit, but I mean I guess it's
we been through it all. from the goods to the bads, rise to the fall
I KNEW IT!! LOL You the man Bernie.
A Scientist who weighed people immediatly before and after death concluded that the human soul weight 21 gms
have you tried arguing that Hodor is a noun, verb, adjective, AND adverb?
Boy I had some crawfish cakes today...
you ain't never lied.
I didn't win. Did I??
Ima be a
"The school is the last expenditure upon which America should be willing to economize." ~Franklin D. Roosevelt
Thanks, all, for a great night of discussion on #OccupyTheNews / #otn / #occupysd. Next up, a holiday mixer for journos (& news junkies).
US govt uses 2% of all the oil consumed in the US and 75% of that is liquid fuel to move stuff around
On friday, my 3 books, my CD and my DVD are gonna come :-) so I just gotta survive tomorrow till I'm gonna have a beautiful day in my room.
Sleep well Hon!!xoxoxoxoxo
Perfect weekend in Plano with ! Chilis for lunch with and now what to do??#donewithfinals #summertime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
run towards always run towardsA
Sure can! go to www.urbanharvest2011.com or you can pay cash/check at the gate!
I didnt think he would :P he'll follow you someday, dont worry!
get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes visit our webstore!
I feel sorry for sober people. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~Frank Sinatra
Boston all day
Will I get kicked out of Boston if I can't get Pinkberry and Berryline straight?
Can I have more followers plz
did u ever realize how hard it is for us to tweet u yet we ddnt receive just one;(
I've done it. So amazing. RT : Before I die I want to go zip lining.
Power is out in #Fineview! So, & I are sitting in the dark having conversations/finding entertainment through social media ha.
IS is eating subs a gameday ritual or are you pitting Cousins & Subway against each other for an endorsement deal? Lol
#FF parents of some of the best talent in the world
So glad to hear that!
Agreed. I like to think of this as a three hour comedy of errors like if Michael Bay directed Three's Company.
what?! Wow congrats.
I hope our military wrapped Bin Laden in bacon and stuffed his shoes up his ass before his burial at sea.
:) good, hope you liked it
Thanks! Everything was great!
um there are so many reasons that that's true.
RT : wow Moyer is 49 and still playing that's crazy
and wrote a check for 99 cents...
I have the shittiest luck. It is unbelievable.
My goal is to meet one direction no matter how old I become(:
Cavs center Anderson Varejao out indefinitely due to fractured right wrist.
Tweet me I'm bored
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the road to el titties
You're welcome.
so many Pal's problems...maybe you should ask the guy that dines at Mid City that may also work at Pal's
15,306 was the announced attendance if you missed it
There's a process of change that happens
we'll skype very soon. Is 11 too late? I think it might..
awe dang man you need a phone! Lol But yes i know! :)
#Dallas you rock!
sure...they are from the book. You almost might want to read the piece in the book on SM policy.
November is flyng by. Have you tried a Maple Spice Latte or Waffle Crisp Mocha yet?? How could December's drink of the month ever compare??
Tomorrows my birthday(;
Have you taken care of yourself today? $10 manicure $10 shampoo & set
Good morning new followers!!!! Remember we need your help, add the logo of your website or any website! Do some searches! Enjoy!
We're ready for you then!
Wednsdays vegetarian feature is being picked right now... Roots farm succatash. For dessert cut charantais melon. Cant get fresher.
Heading to after a sweet night of #abmb art and people watching! What will the day bring?
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 67
Right is right.
Feeling the need to shop! Apparently Anthro is having a sale....
what are you doing this Friday?
Whats going on?
thx 2 SunTimes 4 printing & BMarshall you rock! So glad ur in Chicago where ur messages will b heard by more peeps.
Hey strawberry Stoli and lemonade, did we just become best friends?
Okay so I'm on my phone & when I click the link to listen to Dementia I see the article but I can't find anything to click on to play it...
Thanks for the follow. VA guy? I was a Richmond Spider, back in the day. Keep working hard.
supposed to leave tomorrow morning but now it's Tuesday. If you want to grab a beer before then let me know!
Wouldn't surprise me but no time to be bitter now.
i am only responsible for what i say. i am not responsible for what you understand.
Just carb loaded with a ton of pasta pre-race!
Vandersloot has self deported his company into failure!
Can't seem to get a reupholstering company to call me back. Can you suggest one in #DC?
Congrats to - #Masters champion!
I watched that just the other day, pure cinema magic <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thanks! I'm an SEO Analyst.
Wow. The are just a stupid, stupid, stupid baseball team. It's embarrassing to watch.
ima swim threw it if the water aint deep
Ah! The sexy , is now following me! #happytweet :))))))
thank you for sharing. i have only recently started receiving royalty checks again too for my books. sigh.
Good morning SE Portland and environs -- the coffee and tea are ready -- Greg hung a really big RC plane from the beams -- looks great!
#whatdoyoudo when- u find ur one true love hates ur guts!? helpp.?! :(
“ “ An idle mind is the devil's workshop..””preacher just taught this last Sunday ...amen
i try to be.. lol... but if u come at me stupid... then im not nice no more... lolz... :)
Nfb #SHOUTOUT to my new follower
Been a while for a note from us.. Need to step our game up lol
Dallas Hall of State March 22-25. Details going up on our website very soon. If goes well, store is possible at some point
Out to eat at Red Smoke With Moms , baby sis lil bro and wifey
Someone needs to tell Kelly Osbourne grey hair is not becoming at her age. Nice look, grandma. And SHE'S the fashion police?
Hey Brad
Great day to watch some #golf !
All he had to say was can you leave you been at my house long enough besides have somebody else call me
karaoke? RT : Just got to NBC, anyone have a secret word I can try to sneak in my segment at 4:12?
Exactly my sentiments. As good as Kidman is, it's Eckhart that has to let loose that rainbow of emotions.
hope the boys can let Edmonton have it in their house. Have a great flight and a great game on Thur.
I actually felt worse for the woman he yelled at in rdu. She was embarrassed...and it wasn't necessary
I disagree
Who decided it was cool to drive with their high beams on all the time? Was it in a rap song or something?
Wisconsin vs St Louis 1-0. Let's go crew!
New office has one across the street. I shall partake in this nectar you speak about.
great show last night at Mandel Hall. You guys killed! Juju was unbelievable and Better Than was the perfect end.
Thank you!
I don't know why but I always twitch in my sleep and wake up
Have a nice lunch with
LOL that photo on the website--Ryan photobombed Wisconsin.
"Well you might not like it. It's not very punk rock." - My boss describing NCIS
Cmon on promoters, hit me up! Get ur hustle on I know ur out there lol!!
Me: I'm thirsty.. Mom: Drink some water. Me: I don't want that.. Mom: You not thirsty then.
That speech that Tom just gave Lynette <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
over Green too who played there a little last year when Weeks was out
Plus, it's so damn catchy :)
BUT the real question is... Bieber over Nickelback?
Happy Mother's Day ! <U+2764> I'm tweeting big hugs & kisses to you & the whole family! XOXO
is a hot ghetto mess
Absolutely! RT : ...Hint: Real Neighborhood Watch volunteers are trained NOT to run after people, guns ablazin'.
You're over it, so everything is okay.
hope to see u on the rest of the tour! ~bgv singer
o.0 Hubba Hubba!! Yep! Don't think u put that on tl, that was one of the places I looked earlier to see if *I* missed it lol
+ maybe some play-by-play reports. . .
Teaching amazing again. Noting how over the years of teaching what was #scifi in 1995 is now our world, so makes my job easier.
ok if you promote mine!
Goodnight everyone..I love u & <3
I got you ;] and Im sending the love back at you 3 lol
After the winter we have had I seem to appreciate these beautiful days more
I think I am going to take Civilization IV with me on vacation to California. I don't know why I didn't take it with me to New York.
What a freakin fantastic week so far... Holy smokes, it's only halfway done too. So beyond ready for Saturday
I love mangos. :) Because I'm sure all 313 of you were wondering.
Bowling with my son, Bears @ Tinhorn Flats & the Broncos Must be put Down. Wearing 34 Sweetness jersey...gonna need it...we got no QB!
I currently feel like wine, I get better with age.
if i.got embarassed like the boys did i would be pissed off 2
I feel like I need to start a packing list.
btw i'm finally watching arrested development guys. #5yearslate?
awesome , what r u doing luvie?
for the follow and support Liz keep cheering for you favs on TC check out
"I Dont want her cause she from the corner and i heard that beamer was a loaner".
"I'm scared of the internet."-Jennifer Lawrence
U get the beet of both worlds.
Turbo kick time!
Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State.
R.I.P Ryan Dunn
This audience is dead!!!!!!
Today is ma born day but err one needs to be at ma TAURUS BIRTHDAY BASH.......THIS SATURDAY @ 425 RIVER ST `CLUB PLATINUM rochster ny
I'm sure this extended scene of him driving to work and buying gas is leading into something!
yes sir most definitely! Be back in the states tomorrow.
I love digital April Fool's Day jokes -
RT : <U+200E>Answer: Text (Now I have to go text this answer to my wife)
I was surprised that he knew pure english.! O___O
rachael wouldn't let you either! Lol :)
Not yet... I'm just not sure exactly what to say! If my paper was in better shape, I'd send him a draft...
Can't wait. Wrigley Rooftop sounds like a blast. #summertimechi ": yes and yes!"
Come see me with the rest of the cast and crew from CREATURE! We open today and will be @ Chinese Theater @ 8:00!
Just heard an announcer say David Wright isn't playing tonight cause he has a sore pinky.
just trying to check up on u... makin sure all is well.
Last #AFT happening right now!
I saw Westworld when it was first released. Creepy Yul Brenner. You could also think of it as intellectual source material for Jurassic P.
Don't forget to check out my videos "A Talk With Ms. Weeks" and "Bloomingdale Meet and Greet".
"Best of Designers" Paris Paris, Randall Designs, Barking Fire Couture & Mombomb showcased 1/18/11 www.catwalkforacause.com
You a lucky dude Josh :)
Doing benefit for charity, lets change the world, who wants in!
Need to start hitting this gym man time is flying by and July is almost here
I aint the one confused you are
I am officially looking for new stockist for my jewelry and #accessories . Any places in mind ?
Me: There's no food in the pantry :( Body: Good, you were getting fat.
well I wasn't done going yet and then it scared me and got my toosh wet. Didn't appreciate it lol
lovin' Chicago already and let's meet up tomorrow!
did you see 1D
Mee too ,, It took over my bed so im sleeping on the floor tonight ! LOL ;D
What are some thing you would like to see me help out with in Dallas?
I love how and are still soo close to their "mates" from australia even tho they dont see them very much!
QR codes used to turn prayer into audio stops at a local Episcopal school to engage early readers. Pretty neat idea!
And or my virginity.
On May 10 would celebrate the All IN graduation, just 7 more days!
I know haha I had like an 87% goin into the final so I'm gonna be right on the border of an A and B if she doesn't curve
If you care for social cycles, that Dr. Who contributors chart would make more sense with a log scale, eh?
not too much content in the concept. Green frogs too...
By Carter Maness Azealia Banks may have as many songs as beefs at this point. Following her recent spat with T.I. and Ig
let me cough out this little carbuncle i've got in my chest; they say it's called a heart.
glenn was just on.
Same dude from the block, still duckin all the cops, same story never stops #what I am
i actually do mind. Im not buying you shit lmao
Can’t go wrong with a little steel cut oatmeal for breakfast! ABX has what you need to start your morning off right!
i knew i wasnt crazy. lolololl. I did hear Austins voice at the end of Follow you.
is buying music the e-equivalent of buying vinyl now that we have and ?
I think a very important characteristic of #mlearning is anytime/anywhere aspect
That'a girl RT : Of course. RT : are you staying out of trouble?
Patting your face several times after applying your moisturizer or other skin care product enhances the penetration of active ingredients.
Doesn't every girl do the lip smacking thing with lipstick... Or chapstick??
u get that invite?
Some people cant figure it out or something, they spell it "Destrey" It bothers me lol
DID YOU KNOW housing is a human NEED like food? Mental illness causes PERMANT #homelessness!
Therre is a Very Different
Okay peeps. Off now, nights :) x
Well have an awesome birthday!!!
XMas eve dinner, ice cream sundaes, now Turner Classic Movies while the "kids" play Scrabble. Merry Christmas One and All!
We are playing tonight at Woodlands Tavern 10pm opening for Larry Keel!
Wherever Dick Clark is, do you think he's goin' hoppin'?
Heeellloooo sidelines on a Monday night. Why you might ask?? Well why the hell not!!!!
is in love with kimchi fried rice!
Nutmeg is a cat after my own heart.
Sure - just did.
awesome! When? How are things?
6 more hours, oh my gosshh
GOOD MORNING TWEETS! STILL SLEEPY... IT'S TIME FOR BREAKFAST.
Ready for the holidays?
hanging w/ my chicas in about a hour
sounds like LA.. especially music people in LA !!! You know who you are? :)
Why doesn't my doctor have any magazines? This is the last time I'm coming 15 minutes early like they ask me to.
Don't forget that unlike your LA pool parties, the only place in Rochester you don't have to wear clothes is Rick's Tally Ho.
Can't wait for unique los angeles!
Starting to see why the Ducks recruited Pryor so heavily.
not at all!! Let that fan flag fly! They're your team.
Great day
Are you around for Easter? I still have a bobblehead for you, but you never answer me...
I CANNOT stand the freakin RAs that take their job so seriously. A 24hr quiet hour all week starting on a Friday night?! Good fuckin call...
yes please
Get great tickets to Broadway, Off-Broadway, attractions and tours. Group rates on the TOTAL NEW YORK EXPERIENCE. www.AllTicketsInc.com.
#20ThingsAboutMe I have a boyfirend , & he means the world to me . <3'
No, I work in Wilsonville, live in Johns Landing, SW Ptld. Ha, only have the pleasure of making that commute 5 days a week.
Bruh I kinda do wanna see Bron rock his ass though lmao
Watching #wkuk funny stuff. Sad it's their last season.
Sigh. Youngest son is having a drama moment over his homework. Again.
hey.. that's awesome!! now, whadja do?!
"Wake op fishy" -Darla ^-^
just watched my second Jennifer Aniston movie in four days... should I be concerned?
I don't have time for this; yet, I need to do this.
Henry Ford who once said, "If you think you can or you think you can’t, you are right." Think about the truth in that and then act on it!
I stepped on a huge banana slug this morning & almost died! I was wearing flip flops & it smashed between my toes. Orlando bugs are huge!
RT White Rabbits tonight! 18 tix avail @ box office when doors open @ 8pm for $14 CASH ONLY White Rabbits @ 10pm
that's deep!
Spring has sprung. The pastry case is crammed full of pastels.
Would a hater do a cannon ball at 2am? RT All I know is is being a hater....
He lives right between Morehead and "the projects"... or whatever people call those freaking apartments x)
Rapid Protect, A Company Focused On Mobile Based Safety, Security And Collaboration, Announces Major Update Of Its ...
Sunday wild far
Nf , can I get a follow back
That so sweet!
USB headset and ustream is about as simple as it gets.
Cancun, cannot wait. What about you?
Samosas with dijon mustard & frank's red hot sauce. So international & high brow! <3
Thanks for not condemning my smirk and eye roll. I think my point is: Sometimes this technology makes me feel like such a geezer
Not the BEST day for the zoo but it's ok. I can't wait until I'm living right there so I can just go whenever!
u need a picture
S/O TO THE #WHOLETEAM GO FOLLOW THEM ASAP!!!
she did the same thing again lol
Go insane , go insane , Throw some glitter make it rain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
. I don't have a problem with him speaking at Emory. Not everyone has to conform to my worldview, but he is ignorant on evolution.
he's just an idiot!
hey! How are you?
Out of school early #YEE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Eating ice cream cake
Only certain clients support it. Very bleeding edge. (The actual "bleeding edge" feature hasn't yet been implemented.)
wish i was home **sigh**
always have the #m31000 ladies in mind - what an amazing network we have
Good points; yet, the other two non-league games can't be cupcakes. Maybe 1 cupcake, but then upgrade that second OOC game.
Cosign "Art is everywhere" Kevin Henkes
psh you're not on Google Wage yet?!?!?! Everyone is doing it.
Cheddar fries nd Sierra mist
thanks from
that's why i said Lil or you could go with Koby1Anobi
Well the weasel can JAM it!!!
“: is one of the best in the chi i need to get on his team”
"Happiness is not a reward – it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment – it is a result"
Looks like the bad weather is over for now.
can make my day 54893058 times better, and i will never be able to thank him enough.
Come watch the Flyers' game AND the Green Legion Girls Casting Call tonight at King's Oak in the Piazza!!
augh I know I'm worried about it but this whole time I was applying for IN jobs while living in CT so it might be a bit easier now
Hi Mickenna.. I hope you are feeling better. Have a great day. Hugs, Allen
won The Glee Project!!! Ah!! Ah!!! Woooohoooooooo!ooooooooohhhhhh mm Gooooooosssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Highlight so far: "Plaintiffs do not explain their decision to seek acceptance of the minimum standards as the maximum standard." #GSU #bam!
Bus leads to glee noche excelente
I know I'm so awful! Haha I swear I thought I was!
Visiting with Wesleyan friends from florida and touring the Performing Arts Center...
Timedollar Youth Court will have Jury Duty Saturday April 30, 2011 promptly at 9:00 am
Yay! It will be here before you know it!
I'll be in LA Jan 17 & 18 doing #hair, MSG me for details if u need hair/makeup.
Always chase your dreams instead of running from your fears.
The Mavericks are one win away from winning their first NBA title after beating the Heat 112-103 in Game 5.
/<U+02CC>rek'oh'vend/ is the preferred nomenclature, dude #Lebowski'd
Richmond SHRM has invited Jeanne Meister, internationally recognized speaker and co-author of “The 2020 Workplace" to speak 3/17/11...
So pissed, I'm speechless.
typically, yes. Just had some personal expectation issues...like surprised I had to give directions to SFO.
yes and no. Only 5 of them. Mostly in TX. Think there's one in ny?
nope -.- I have no way out of fl lol fawkk
-- LOL! Great tweet for a Friday- hope you are well:)
You know it's a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor!
We are currently putting together themed collections of our best-selling EDU films with PPR and/or DSL. Anything you want to see included?
Technically, no, as long as you're on a public property.
Local digest: US crew includes Cal graduate Zach Vlahos, Stanford's Jake Cornelius - San Jose Mercury News
Danny, think a good idea. Done in Asia. Someone on bike/scooter comes to ur car & drives car/u home. Very popular.
RIP to the girl she used to be!
Shouts to all my niggas on Raleigh St. bout to hit a few licks tonight with niggas not familiar with Metro West in Orlando
LA & OC tomorrow for 2 weeks! So. Fucking. Excited.
RT if u are in love of
I continue to live the hobo life. It's a special treat to run into other nomads on the road. Yesterday: saw J. Newland at the Hammer Museum.
Hey I Just Met Youu & This Is Crazy , But There's The Follow Botton , So FOLLOW ME , MAYBE ?
Cabs speed mad fast.
"Like it or not, the moment has arrived. The only thing left for you to do is show up."
thank you, yours was fantastic and professional and full of awesome.
a few times. We just turned on the heat so it's much better now.
& did a GEEAT JOB of getting the crowd ready for !!
15 minutes & I completed my midterm, oh yeah!! :)
I'm at Florence & Normandie - sitting, thinking. Anniversary of the start of the 1992 LA (Rodney King) Riots is in two weeks (cc )
Yes! I'm so pumped!
YOU STiLL AT HERSHE'?...
Yes took pic after Sunday service. Thats cool that you noticed. Thanks for the compliment.
Wandered into a normal people bar. Remembering why I'm punk.
No one is luckier than him who believes in his luck. ' German Proverb
So i get up @ 6 ... Get all ready for school & its a 2 hr delayy .. Gaaah . Im going backk to sleep !
McGee and Faried combined for 28 points and 30 rebounds tonight. We gotta keep them together.
impressive pulitzer project, but where's the poetry? Wharton's crazy good and all, but line breaks need love too!
This is awesome. Wide awake since midnight.
Wishing you a happy and healthy New Year! May your 2012 be filled with beautiful music.
RT if you've been disappointed in 's drunk facebooking game this year
come over today kinya comin to!
I wish I was a New Yorker. Headphones in, sunglasses on, Starbucks in one hand & a dog leash in the other.
thats what im talking about. Im ready to get on that fire
Thanks, - I love this time of year. Very exciting :)
Thanks Barbara!!
#BREAKINGNEWS: has just conceded the Portland Mayoral race to and
Not kidding… smh you guys.. why.
had a very buss day today and night shout out to Ha'Zel Kane , Killie Brown, we just left with Gordana Runjaic n valentino.
- FUCKING JEALOUS. I WANNA SEE WISTERIA LANE! :(
I blasted Sen. Rand Paul, not his father, Ron. Rand has been stalling federal legislation to ban synthetic marijuana
I'm glad to know he thinks he is the decision maker of the GOP. Perry is trending up and Santorum down.
will be at the tomorrow. excited to bringthe yummy croissants to the people.
I know. This clip had me at George Carlin, Super 8mm, juxtaposed with high contrast black and white. Good work never goes out
What?! This can't be true....
thats so cute! (:
good food, but oh, so many calories!
RT #Goog+ is less about social and more about having people use their full circle of apps: think collaboration
: Super special awesome ;P
RT : I always make up scenarios that will never happen.
Back at it, rec time
I finally got the sumbitch. Apparently tweeting about it does the trick.
i don't even know what I would be. o.0
I hate this. I hate drama. It's so pointless.
Is he part of the 1%? Can you occupy him?
Ronnie's?
Lets go tarheels!!!!!
It Don't Make You A "Hoe" If U Meet A Dude & Give Up The P*ssy Quick... **U A Hoe If U Give It Up 2 ==> DAMN NEAR EVERY N*GGA U MEET**
: follow up re and syndicate... My contribution isn't too small, is it?
ill twitpic the picture in a sec :)
And for the record, I still want to punch the new Xbox/Netflix interface in the face!
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun
Thanks ! RT : Have to give it to great spot!
I know I've been MIA. Its been so nice outside that I turned into an outdoor gal. I will be online tomorrow
If an NFL player ran out there with "Little Pea" on the back of his jersey that man would have his head ripped clean off his shoulders tho.
I'm good! 100 like ah fast ball
Mingus Ah Yum. Bitches Brewery. A Brew Supreme. 33rd Blue Note Cafe. Jesus' Holy Place. Crucified Gastropub. Ya Im not much help
#YouGettinPunchedIf you insult Taylor Swift in front of Swifties!
I'm a music promoter, do you have any shows coming up in Nashville?
this ---> RT : Recognition is not about the reward it is about the Thank You via
taking the developer build of Google Chrome for Mac OSX out for a spin. Wish me luck!
he'll be getting on the Charles Barkley diet in a decade or so!
I forgot my lunch :(
North Carolina... you suck.
Hey, stop it! We're NOT wrapping up. Come on! You saw what they tweeted. Pls. don't worry #mla12 we'll be around a long time!
"Today the Lord has obtained your agreement: to be his treasured people, as he promised you, and to keep his commandments." Deut 26:18
I gamble with brown rice
Hahahahahahahaha, going HAM on them pictures yaamean.
Thanks for welcoming us to LA this morning as we took up statewide endorsements for June Primary
very cool - that reminds me that I need to go back to Five Guys. Perhaps that will be my V-Day spot. ;)
...that's fucking hot.
we are both from alabama
Great party at the W celebrating our talented staff, new brand, HD, and all things San Diego! NBCSD is the place to be!
UHM. So a couple weeks ago Justin was in Deerfield Beach AND I didn't know -_- he was on my beach and no one told me
Class sounds awesome, can't wait.
I love Russell Brand. He sticks up for what he believes in and for that I admire him immensely.
Yes you do!
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
So that means you're interested? Not my fault haha. I don't roll that way. (:
yes...well future bro in law. I just call him my brother
This game has some hard hitting! And I LOVE it. The Pats gonna have to bring it with EITHER of these teams
The mint tea I just had is proving a more effective soporific than I'd really intended.
ROCKS compared to Comcast! Better picture, cheaper and bette customer service!
Crazy But True In My Pants
Wooohoooo~! Is the timing good?
Watching "American Idol" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tryna hit a lick
Well, after two 3 hour finals, 7 hours in the library, and 12 hours at JU...I am on Christmas break!!
word i wasnt expecting this
Absolutely. Same here in Florida. Beats the weather in Iowa and North Dakota.
WebCamWindow thanks all troops and veterans for doing what they do to keep us safe!
I wish lived by Me so I could hang out with him because he is the coolest boy ever!
yay for babysitting, golden globes, and boyfriend.
you both are so funny with this contest you're having between you two.
Getting all set up for showtime!
yes. A lady after my own heart
8 minutes till it goes down!!!
SO bummed I can't go to #Coachella this year but no worries bc and I will be rocking out there next year to make up for it!!
Omg this is the worst day ever my mouth hurts so bad ): this sucks so bad ):
gd luck w fest
I'm going to be live-tweeting Surf's Up now!
This bitch is like a disease ;((
Who all is going to #Sun #belt? any #pioneers?
Potential is a priceless treasure, like gold. All of us have gold hidden within, but we have to dig to get it out.
"Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved."
I am supposed to tweet less at one time but I can't get the schedule to work that way! collect/ releasing tweets 1 by 1 too much for me!
im so sorry for what is happening to bella God has a plan for everyone she will be cured
#NP David Crowder - Thank you for hearing me
Thanks for following me that means a lot to me as an up coming comedian actor
que que???? Los
start your day with a smile:-)
New Collaboration Helps Dallas/Fort Worth Area
ok (: thanks.
Great seeing you, as always!
following some of my daughters' friends.... why not? ... let's get Jet an account!
570/4963 bubble just bursted still in it to win it....7.3k for first...not bad for 11 bucks...
We are all just an amalgamation of coping mechanisms hardened into something like a personality.
So happy that my friend, co-worker & desk neighbor is back from maternity leave! She's ready to rock the enviro beat!
So long Philly, hello Seattle! Danny Bonaduce is the new morning talent on CBS Classic Rock KZOK, effective 11/14. Details in RAMP.
haha that's supposed to be on your poster!
fitness indicators and sex displays article at blog, (almost everyone seriously underestimates pleiotropy)
[We live. We learn. We grow] Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals. -Zig Ziglar
Aside from Fig Newtons - btw, they're dropping the Fig, go fig - I only eat figs wrapped in bacon. I felt I had to share.
Day off, hanging out with friends/family in Minneapolis. Tomorrow night at 7th Street Entry!
I miss the room how is she doing?
- :D I love inappropriate jokes.
Dad: You're going to meet One Direction Me: ... Dad: .... Me: ... Dad: I'm joking. Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
- where's the link to watch? Sounds like a cool project!
revenues and withrawals are still messed up and NOBODY from Fiverr is answering. What's up with my money?
yes! A family musical sounds perfect! Les Mis?? Perfect.
Just now realizing that I should have spent way more time studying this weekend then watching football. Thanks members of the DSF league
as was I. that was a seriously big ax....
Oh yeah, and I can thank and for helping out!
just rub it in -__-
Important lesson 4 athletes RT Congrats to Not just 4 winning the Masters, but 4 thanking fans 1-BY-1 on Twitter.
every time I hear " The One That Got Away" I think of you! Hahaah
thanks brother!
I love urban decay
sure thing! Say when:)
go ahead:)
Excellent. Maybe schedules will mesh enough to see you (though I know, road runs both ways... ;) )
nothing really wbu??
Makeup doesn't make u prettier. Money doesn't make u richer. Real wealth and real beauty depends on how u value yourself.
awesome HR tonight. Needed the insurance. So happy for you man.
nice pic dude!
You throw around terms like "freedom" and "liberty", it's all for the elite and corporations, nothing for the people.
San Francisco is expensive but everybody seems to get along there
my bad sis this is the my label page....gnr
i am bored again!! :/
Why do you work so hard to show a lady how much you care for her and she could care less about you???
I have a new entry on the San Diego Eviction Blog.
you should consider inviting to play your show (as if you don't already get enough suggestions). (=
Management team could be best asset
Pretty crappy "hello" tonight, btw.
ran into a bit of a customer service issue at ur place last night :(
Hanley won't be there tomorrow...
SHIT IF I AINT GOODLOOKING I BET MY BITCH IS
the awards show is tonight, but maybe we can work around that? I'd be up for drinks too for sure.
Genesis hurt her paw this morning. She's limping around, but it doesn't seem to bother her otherwise. Will observe, wait, & see.
There's some guy reporting on his cat's pooping status, and he has more followers than Your Mayor does!
Happy Halloween!
Celebration starts tonight RT Bacharach & David honored at White House tomorrow...what the world..needs now <U+266B><U+266A><U+266B>
It's about to go down. Getting in shape for the summer. New membership, new music, new life, new body. Lol. Renewed faith!
well thanks, I heart y'all as well
Been getting schooled on craft beers in the wild by w the nola & st. Louis crew at 50/50 Liberty Station.
You are AWESOME! tks for the kind mention :)
Sending prayers up now for you and your family!
Listening to some good relaxing music. Going to bed..goddnight.
Maximum complexity as all eyes are on Merkel speech today for signs of warming to the new money-printing mantra as only way out for Europe.
Swag, got a lot of it....
If you were stuck on a deserted island without beer (which would obviously really suck). What #beer (s) would you wish for most?
thank you thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
And now to the public library for a book sale!
Bike Share program will start on #indy Cultural Trail in April 2013: Brian Payne of CICF
happiness is hating you
tired of hurting slowly learning
At least it wasn't wine and Chinese food like last week.
Riding a motorbike to friend's villiage today in search of the best Bali coffee!
Wow - even Bruiser the Bear rocking the #electricity uni. That's new.
*-But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in-*
That's fine, only if its a plenary session and it can be all about optimizing SPARQL queries. Take that, fluffy conference! ;)
he moved in with me <3
10/11. Not sure which newscast it will be tonight.
There are so many great #musetech sessions happening right now. Want to be in 4 places at once!
Ya.....parents always wants us to watch decent games
Jumbo mortgages may be making a comeback, as lenders loosen their purse strings to approve more of the high-value home loans.
Two best parts 1. Shakespeare in the park 2 stan lee.
Thanks for the follow!
haha OF COURSE you're all excited about going to a day-long, Hip-Hop extravaganza? I would be too. ;)
it appears that your twitter has been hacked.
STOP lol just sing along(:
This shit is for real
it has all week
I love when my wife IMs me AutoCad commands. What's does "re" supposed to mean?
Mexican Hot Chocolate >>>
finally class is over :D
Thanks for coming- great to see you and ! Hope that you all had fun!
I love how people respond back to you on here!
wait so what are directions to your room?
Crazy fucking night!! And I'm sober
@ the docs hopefully I'll get some good news on my hand...
It's been good! A lot of work. We just played Cheery blossom on Wednesday and got rained out lol.
One side of our front yard is a graveyard, but the other side is to be Angry Birds made from pumpkins!
i'm having a hard time getting my local crashplan copy small. i've tamed history, but doesn't seem to help...
. No, SCDP is fine. I'm just feeling pressure with 's triumph. Everything's fine. But London may have to wait.
Just emailed you guys. Hope to hear from you soon!
Today here is the plan. 1:20 we go on at the Arts fest downtown 'round CCAD campus. Then at the Treehouse round 9pm for Peppercorn benefit
Blueberry! Trying to watch my trans-fats.
Mary Timony, you shredded your way into my heart. #WildFlagAhhhh!
uh do tell.....young guy shirt, where?
A dolla make me holla, honey boo boo child!
A little news from the Friday Night Banquet: Creighton Men's Soccer vs AKRON in Omaha this Fall. Live on FOX SOCCER HD. Time to REPRESENT!!
Good morning beautiful
THEY KISSED: Twitter makes me ambivalent about myTivo...
Congratulations to for a great show last night! Was honored to be a part of it.
Gangstas over Irish! On St Paddies day!
Coming to god's country this weekend!!!
Banks prepare for the return of the drachma
Jonthan Malat was behind the firefighter. Jeff Wiltgen was on the floor in fire gear in the back of the room.
So I really wanna go to Six Flags Great Adventure soon!
Sunday Member Plays: NCAAB - Hawaii +5, NFL - Packers OVER 42
Yes, we carry Raw Milk from WA farm. RT: That is nice! Don't forget the milk...
Your songs are universal chants to love and loss
I'm hoping you can feel me in your chest, yes. I'm hoping that you notice how you're blessed.
#cudiflow on the way home is legit as fuck
hi redg! welcome to more useless technology
i'm honored that you listen to WPFW 89.3fm
almost to 4600 tweets.. who wants it? :p
In section behind announcers. RT : where you sitting?
APRIL 3RD AT 9PM WILL BE AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ... GET ADVANCED TICKETS FROM NOW FOR $5 OR $10 AT THE DOOR
so true... & those with the most "authority" are often the least likely to be interested in a blog
Two houses; The one behind, you will abandon; The one in front, you are building; if the abandon one is burning, save it or build faster?
Part-time job applying.
I did not know that!
Gonna spend some much needed time with my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Who's EDC?
Taking a break from writing and going to see Joe Bonamassa at the tennessee performance arts center! We'll share some pictures soon
#girlbyenotwiththem flowery slippers you got from the hair store( 2003)
nice avi stranger...
Is there a full moon tonight? All the loonies were out on the subway today.
RT : Spring Forward: Don't forget to set your clocks ahead one hour before going to bed on Saturday night.
In Music Meeting- Mumiy Troll “Polar Bear” just plain weird
Saw that freshbooks link yesterday. Didn't have time to investigate it. Looks like it will be cool!
because you write & podcast. Also want you to check something out.
what, i like this song...
This headset is freaking sweet.
I like your assignment. I'm doing it myself. It's admittedly tough, but mentally/emotionally cleansing.
In March, TPS submitted an article for a food safety training company about documentation and safety audits.
@ dukeanddjango you have stumped me
You’re become as big of a procrastinator as
That would work
The pieces are really starting to come together, huge piece tomorrow! Wish me luck and keep me in your thoughts and prayers! :-)
that's cool. where does creating the IA fit into that mix between use case - feature set defn?
I love the #HouseOfNight books, I've been reading the books all week!
Isn't that a foul on Love?
Cool, thank you! You going?
Chaz Evans: "The Brechtian Video Game" - video game immersion creates empathy for dystopia; Brecht might say its astronishment
radio piece on about sending paper invites instead of email ones. even a trip to the print press! FUCK THE 'NET
if you followed me ariana it would make my weekend..<3 love from IRELAND xo
Thanks friend! Yes, I need to check them out. Excited to hear you speak this weekend, too!
MRIs feel like a horror movie in a coffin. My advice -- never open your eyes. It's 45 mins of sound torture.
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?
is a self-healing book always in beta?
. "program is grant funded, really intended for families." Was supposed to be shamed for using lib resource.
#nowwatching Grey's Anatomy (:
RT : 42% of women who have abortions have incomes < 100% federal poverty limit
Carne alotta? You must taste like puke
Heard on NPR today - Twitter is like a focus group in the wild. Love!
What does this say about high school? RT : i thought i was going to be done with coloring graphs in high school.
Day 40 of 100: I am thankful for my wonderful friends.
Learn how to
#3WordsForYou One Direction Sucks.
RT #mexico iPad won't miss a beat in 2012 despite competition from new Kindle Fire and ... - TabTimes: TabTimes iPad won't miss...
the afternoon is filled with sounds of Dre, Jay-Z, and the Beastie Boys.
I guess that is what yall do up in Lubbock.
Yes! Heard about it. TY so much. I value ur input b/c have gr8 respect 4 u.
Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the #whcd?
Are you currently attending the 2011 #eclsummit in Austin? If so, what was your favorite part of Day 1?
did they? They love the pedo lol “: hey Lauralee n Amanda came n saw me at work tonight lol”
Thursday Dodge Ball leagues are now forming @ Ultimate Sports Center, Columbus Ohio. Please visit us @ www.CapitalCitySports.com 4 details!
yes I'm in but how do I give the photo?
roger that. will take a look. do you have any design in mind?
thanks! The story's on wctv I think.
hahaha and ironically, I love sour patch kids...they tie with skittles ;)
thank I sit gladly
Good morning DC! Rise and grind!
i love water. its so darn refreshing.
On local giving: RT : We can walk to our corners and can say "I built that," "I planted that," "I organized that"
it's already 1AM ? i always get so deep into movies that I don't know where the time goes !
RT : The more they remind us not to look at the solar eclipse with our naked eye, the more I wanna do it.
We already miss you! Thanks for a great charity month! You better believe you'll see us supporting YOU at the !
feel that!!
can library institutions be racist? excluding homeless and certain groups in library services?
We're looking for more of a situational type upgrade. If we can do that
Apparently today is #starwarsday. So I say to you "May the 4th be with you."
Heeldo! Want to send product samples to The Crash Pad? Maybe we can use in a shoot!
Little known fact: Madonna's biggest hit to date is "Take a Bow," a song written and produced by Babyface. It spent seven weeks at #1 in '95
“: shoot andy k & andy m a hey for me:) oh & hey u miss bizz. ;) #cltfood #savemeacupcakeplease” yum
hey how are ya? Missed your tweets today:)
They said "The Freaks Come Out At Night" lolololol - Watch chaself!
Wow. RT : Apparently, telling a girl that she "kinda looks like Tom Petty" is generally not received as a compliment.
Thank you. :-) I appreciate that.
There is nuttin like chocolate ... Catracho style...
Eating a black and white cookie in a wife beater while waiting for fraiser to be on.
Had an awesome night last night seshin and makin videos at BigStoney's with the TMC crew. Time to snap some Super Oasis OG. Irie!!!
right? looks great. :P
Ro-ro-robocop. I like this pick even though we should have gotten Maualuga.
Had a blast with my Family tonight at Amway Center watching the Magic crush the Clippers.
What's that amazing restaurant we went to in Cola where we ate with - great local food
Amen!!!RT : Don't settle for someone... just so you can have someone.
what if we (Joe & I) pull something 2gether & pass it to you for review?
LOL! By making sure Obama wins. And all other tiny extras are superfluous at this point. No new shoes until Obama wins.
In times like this I'm just gonna walk away before I do something stupid.. Deuces..
"Career development is like a jungle gym" Stuart Crabb
Happy Leap Day everyone, hope it's a swell one ;)
gotta get on my homework. night now.
The nobler sort of war; and see all the trees as green banners." -Chesterton
Dear iTunes, Please just call it an update. Version 10.141232 doesn't make you sound cooler. Sincerely, really? Another one?
That looks delicious and completely right up my alley! Where is this place?!
SMH @ girls who take pics with guys to make boys jealous. That does nothing but make it look like you were ho'n it up that night
It can be Wedge too. He punishes bad pitches and takes hard cuts at okay one. Times to wait for perfect pitches.
spent today with NC's lovely and oh-so-helpful traveling archivist. Look for us soon on that blog that helped him set up.
thanks Kate!
EU Student Finance - The Student Room
plz be my 300 follower I will not spam I need a 300 follower can u be number 300 thanku chao outside :D
LOL. No, Lee's getting married and then Matty Matt's getting married in July. One by one they all fall...
A1. Seattle has pretty thriving food truck scene! RT: Q1. Taking it to the streets...
After today I'm reconsidering allowing myself to tweet before noon.
The black panthers weighed in on National Parks?
Really twitter? I should follow ?! Do you read my tweets? If so, you'd know I think he is TWIT #1 -is that his code name btw?
cause I got good music and will make you tons of money. What else would you want?!! Lol
game tonight. Keep the Faith!
runaway awareness
When are you moving?
Writing a chapter book where the main character, a 9 year old girl, lives above bookstore. Need punny names for store, e.g.
eww -- think ill stick with beer for that ;-)
lmfao I bet and it no problem I was just like r you okay?! Lol sorry <3
Hey! I am back now - only 2 years with no tweets.
Shayna! How are you, my old twitter friend?
it won't let me:( lol i'll try later.
You only live once, that's the motto, nigga #YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
About an hour left. You can win THE KING'S SPEECH. No stutter or Academy Awards necessary!
congrats on Celeb App. I have 2 know what lipstick r u wearing on RhONj at shore house in beginning? Xoxo
Today is going to be the longest day of my life
I'm swirling away into a black abyss called the back of my eye lids. ;)
talking about oral sex in my TA english literature class
im finna make a song today ion care
2things about Mr.Dennis's tests: 1)he never tells you when youll have one 2)you dont remember learning any of it
Because it makes no sense to sit a year AND give up a year of eligibility.
Morning xx [: School -.-
Happy Easter everybody!
Why is every #vimeo video I see so goddamn pretentious? It's a film student circle jerk. Moody music and 1080p do not get you into
Yippee! Freedom awaits. RT Final is done for today. Two more tomorrow and the semester will be over.
All day, every Monday, I have a "Make me an offer" sale. Make a resonable offer and it's yours. I'll throw in gift wrap too!
OH YES SHE DID!
Our Drawn Dead Pro will be playing cash at the Bellagio today..wish him luck!
Check out the profile with infographic by & in 's latest BePollen:...
who wants chocolate oatmeal cookies?
my concentration is British mod fiction so I only have room for a token Faulkner. I'm getting more votes for S&tF
I'm considering walking over 1,000 miles for charity; probably wont ever happen, but what an awesome thought eh?
I love it when I wake up to birds chirping with the sun shining. Then I check the temperature and it's only 45 degrees outside #wtf!
I want shesha.
They overshot the runway
Thinking I want to head to ChinaTown 2morrow for the NewYear, anyone have good dinner suggestions or tips in general?
There are some nice Todd ornaments on this fake holiday tree
I've been laying in bed with my eyes closed for over an hour.
Follow me back if you like to learn more about #concerts in #Indy!
Liver protection for cows at the start of lactation - All about feed
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 1000 followers!
I Haven't Lost My Mind, It's Backed Up On Disk Somewhere.
he can see if i read it!
OMG I HOPE I DIDN'T FAIL THE STARR TEST EPPP! :/
im slow.
Oh, we'll need a cheering squad! :)
Everyone needs a little cat humor in their life. I hope you made this ?
you like boobs
I just spent a bunch of time watching your videos and i just wanted to say how blessed you are :) would love to collab! HMU soon!
Lots of upcoming shows (yay)!! Let us know where you're going to be!
When your girl is awake, she's always thinking. Feel free to ask "What are you thinking?" She'll always have an answer.
Wow! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown
Steaks are being cooked. Get in here!!!
See you and the "crew" this weekend??!
Kiss me, I'm Irish (:
I love how you run away after saying "Slut." You're cool. Lol
Well my schools band and choir concert is tommorrow and oh what fun....
but I will def try to do pair up of those w/phones & those without in non AP class.
will you sing w/ your helium voice @ the atl concert in 2013? x
I want to rage with you momma
same here. I took it because people told me it would look good for the job search (and learned a lot!)
Anytime I see a spider, I automatically assume it's a black widow. That's just good common sense.
#Fodors100 I'm in the #Grande room ... So beautiful!
tks for sharing : )
Yeah that freshman you are tweeting about is more of a woman than you'll ever be
Now that school is over I have more time to read ALL the books!
Stick it is on:D
I REALLY want sex right now. I seriously need it. BADLY.
HS softball: Sun Prairie's Kristen Hoppman with solo shot to give Cardinals 5-4 lead...heading to bot of 10
Congrats to Rookie of the Year Kyrie Irving!
History's Villains - 1/27/1992 Mike Tyson stands trial on rape accusations. He is later found guilty and sentenced to six years in prison.
I believe it! I'm sure she will be gorgeous, like she always is!
LOLOLOL everytime i watch NSN and see justin shaving, i crack up.
if they nasty why you ate them huh? *suspicious* haha
Mann listen! the energizer bunny ain't the only thing that keeps goin n gain n goin!
RT : I love how these DirecTV commercials portend holistic doom because of wack cable service. Subconscious programming is expensive.
I think residency did me in! u think it will get better in practice, huge pressures and challenges too. Sweet dreams!
its true....no more hhgregg for me
Your new issue is stellar. Our biz loves what you guys do every month, would love a piece about auction industry! lol
Really want some cheese with this wine
Awesome day today: #mnearthday and then #recordstoreday LOTS of great finds. Hope my sister still plays vinyl...
I voted "Creating Christian Race," but would rather have "Pepper's Excellent Adventures."
u first pls?<U+2665>
I cant think of any ideas.
where THA fuck did ya go?
When is going to send me some nuts n more samples? Sheesh you'd think we were friends haha
And mustaches RT : And multiple kegs. RT : office is a madhouse today
Spend more time alone every day!
Please make sure to join Outward Bound Denver on Facebook
Ivon Ulibarri y Cafe Mocha {{{TONIGHT}}} at Salsa Under the Stars! Get there @ 6:30 and take a FREE salsa lesson!
Few things: Brent Week's Perfect Shadow has a #promo price 2.99 & if you haven't already- download the Twilight graphic novel onto your iPad
Been watching The Apartment on Blu-ray with my 11-year-old son and thrilled that he's enjoying it.
We would be happy to give these at upcoming WP meetups if you would like.
Starting to get excited for my performance today at Ribfest in Vinoy Park! I will be opening on the main stage.
thank you, can't wait to be back!
Having dinner mexican food...
A lunatic in a sweater is still a lunatic. I do believe St. Rick's ship has sailed, tho. The GOP will have to deal with Mittens.
Well it was made by John Hammond, so the answer is obvious. No.
yeah it was horrible. But lebron and dwade are stars and they know how to bounce back
Spinach mushroom garlic tomato cheese omelette scramble, with strong, dark coffee. Nom.
Heaven help the fool who did her wrongg <U+2665>
thanks bro I really appreciate that!
Indeed. However, since i'd like to reproduce in the next 10 years, i think my window for that procedure has passed!
Im about to do it ;)
Will you let me know if there's a way me and my cousin can score seats during previews? Break a leg tomorrow!
Being raised by a 'loving mom'
I Will Jen
i do NOT feel good.
Is it really that cold out? No, I'm just from Florida.
Aww, Rissy! We'll always have our special time!
Not that it had anything to do with the crash but I guess lawyer tabs would've stopped that wheel from bouncing off
Watching Billboards,Great performance ! ^_^ <3'
Go insane tonight
Thanks to for the glorious following! Much appreciated!
My dick just sneezed, can I be your hero.
I'm not going to hold it against you this time.
This game is ridiculous..
I love you so much!!
Hey love. What it do?
Who ever first wrote "Happily Ever After" at the end of stories must have been a real smug asshole.
RT , my golf coach, featured on ubersense's TechStars demo day I love when worlds collide. pic.twitter /XiUX8DXi
I did not know that. I'm a NOLA native ... have a great time!!!
Great move by the Diamondbacks on getting Jason Kubel.
Nice! You have a couple months before Fitmapped hits the west coast! REPRESENT!
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
Look for our new webpage coming soon @ www.sandiacourtyardhotel.com ... Happy Holiday to one and all!
Listening to Bassoon music. It makes me feel both fancy and pompous, which are the two best ways to feel.
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
(2/2) lemme know so I can give your ticket to someone. Thanks! Hope all is well! ;)
Hey Dylan :)
We could use more Donald Drivers. Period.
"Oh, I share your disgust, June."
made my civic duty.
thank you! // : A Matter of Time by Nancy Rae. I've not read it myself, though.
Last night's walk home highlight: 5 people passing by on Ralph's motorized shopping cart + extra room in front basket = mass transit.
Celebrating graduation with my favorites
Love it when my daughter's kickball practice turns into a #Blackboard ANGEL product focus group!
silence is golden. And that shit is like a thousand dollars an ounce. hearing from old friend in LA worth much more
4 years later and I still love Crystal Martin.
The green light coming from under the escalator is more entertaining than watching green lantern.
Siri is so sweet to me I love her<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's from Sesame Street, right?
Class at 8,9,10,11,&12:20 today.... a good student would go to every single class.
Fun presenting Thrilled to win the Spotlight award! Gr8 way to celebrate the 1st anniversary of transitioning from Fluent to Fiksu.
i don't even know you. the fuck .
Good luck tonight at the hospital with the wife! #AxmanIsStillMyHero!!!
4 for the CRJ dept - I give you 10 total in class
I managed to get on his grassroots email list, too, somehow. They sent me an email, in my state, about convention delegates.
Where the boys at :D
Happy 18th Mother's Day, friend. Glad you are enjoying it!
eaving in Stacy
Being a Ducks/Rangers fan is stressful business.
Why, oh why do people have pets +/- children whom they are unwilling/unable to properly look after? Take charge of your lives people!
wdf dark u made me waste my 200 tweet by writing kristen is not bi haha so funny (not) YAY ITS A small CELEBRATION
Gas for car and mower, check. Mowed yard, check. Laundry, check. Dinner, working on it.
Be a Good Boss tip: "youve got a lot to offer & a lot to learn & as long as you remember both youll do all right"
NLCS Champs! Go Cards!
taking out all your frustrations on everyone around you<<
Love doesn't hurt. It's the one you're choosing to love that's hurting you.
We figured! What a LOSER! Making up lies about other cappers all day!
"Ya wanna make it in the #AdBiz, you better get used to old white men talking."
Wow. Interesting. RT Washburn told Memphis' DL coach that Poe is better than Haynesworth was at this stage of his career.
Congratulations to board member, Leslie Walker Hirsch who was chosen to present keynote address at the NM Grdianshp Assoc Summer Symposium!
put all 6 megaman games on iphone app store please ha i would love to play thrm when i go on big trips megaman 3 is the best
God bless all those firefighters that risked it all and might not get Social Security oh how soon we forget!
So happy you had fun! RT : Thank you We're having the best time! Your hotel is really cool! Love the Penthouse loft!
Life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly.
Teach him you must. RT : You are the king of knowing how to get clicks. Teach me your ways, Yoda.
For some reason I keep thinking its Monday
So happy it's Friday-even though - will be working through the weekend making gifts:)
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> I deserve it
holy crap that's bad ... really bad .. yet so funny
who wants to kick it with me and clay tonight?!
alex rossi w/ a 3-pointer to give national the win over the american team ... nationals 136, american 133!
Maybe I just skewed slightly old, but I'm incredibly proud I hated that show from day one.
Sit some where kid your making me nervous
The interview on this week was PheNomENal! New respect!
Saw Jack White on Colbert...all I can say is "Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum" and "...awkward...!!!"
Beijing's Panchen Lama Holds Court in Hong Kong - Wall Street Journal (blog)
There's not really anything for me to do today. I did everything yesterday.
Very excited bout my Spartans this year in football gonna wreck on everyone go Sparta!!!
what up?! Just did pickle shots with
a million coconuts says that you'll never read this tweet or follow me.~
ROFLMAO!!!!!! Those chili fries make ya tired?
My bus ride to work is the white collar equivalent of the pickup truck taking migrant workers to the field, same sad faces but more IPhones.
Great! Hope you can make it! Tues @ 2pm ET RT : Me too! RT : Think I need Res Lighting Magazine webinar!
Apologies for the hacked messages - all fixed. Thanks judges Dafna Jam and Maddy Beckwith Markets for the heads up.
Word! As long as it's not exclusive to Canada I'm fine waiting.
It's official! The status for our TTB application online has gone from nonexistent to "Pending"...
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your nails are way too cute && they're such WEAPONS lol :-) :-) :-)
"Our entire universe is a subtle fabric of space distorted by the presence of matter" - Isaac Asimov in Electronic Age magazine (1971)
Headed to Augsberg College for our game in the Best Buy Classic
you go for girls with looks, try looking deeper than what's on the outside
And when we wrote this story, how did it end?
I am not working at Abercrombie. o.e
Awesome! Thank you.. I Love My Authors
#ToughMudder WI was awesome today. A challenge only a Mudder could love. I'll be there next year.
Let's go KOBE don't play with yo food and eat these NUGGETS
Never have I ever been more jealous.
Baron u suck man.
what is up to since he finished with ?
Rick Scott--the budget you signed last year relied on billions in federal stimulus & $900 million of middle class tax hikes from prior year.
Happy Birthday from Colorado!
Thanks you rock as always..
I would like to know how are they now?
Congratulations roommate! So stinkin' proud of you!!! I'm going to miss you! But just another reason to visit LA! ;)
Thanks for the follow. I followed you back. Thanks for supporting !
Henceforth, I shall refer to consecutive highlight-reel catches as a Morgakawa.
shes the girl that runs TeenHoot! but, same here. im not as huge as a fan as others.. but its rude of them to say that.
Break a bitch heart no future ms.cleo
a Merry Happy to you too. I know its probably never going to happen, but there are plenty of fans out there who wish it would.
Paris strands a runner at 3rd as we move to the bottom of the 9th tied at 4
Make sure your tie's a little longer or button that jacket...lol
great reminder that swell things happen to those who envision & create opportunity where once there was a blank page
Focused & moving toward my next level of success...
Thanks so much for following the
2013 for all sports. Some may be in sooner depending on schedules. That's all figured out by people smarter than me....
I'm alive. Also I stay connected. Do you still Skype?
Apparently there's a "Super Moon" tonight. Check it out. I guess it's going to be bigger than Brett Favre's ego.
not me!
Say yes to 10 mile runs!
suicide silence is so fucking brutal
Thank you Amanda,Just in time!!
That Peter Lorre looking little person from the Artist is going to be fighting off the pussy after tonight’s win.
tune in to 103.1 today at 5pm.. New station! Want the press release?
Just like Christmas morning eh?
Go #Brewers !
i hate
#1D4D Do you consider WAI-ARIA in designing for the web?
Creepy. RT : Check out an art installation today with products! IKEA FAMILY discount $1 off admission!
my heart just stopped....
I am the same way. I may get very angry with people but I am not capable of hating either.
Alternative positions lmao..
seriously?? That girl sucks ass. Like suckabagofdicks ass
Lauren talking to Kitten(cat)-"Mommy's going to her favorite store!" "where? Publix?"- Lauren=crazy coupon woman. in heels.
GM still drunk....smh about to start my day....
Also a 99% chance that person works for Microsoft.
Let us know if you have any questions. Live chat until 4pm ET today. Oh, our email newsletter with a new coupon is set for tomorrow, too!
Definitely! We should meet at one of the bars down here.
I used to have over 3000 on my ipod but you know ran out of space.
Everything you are is what I need in my life
happy birthday!!!
Ready to fucking go
U RULE THE TV WORLD WITH YOUR SEXINESS :)$
My Justin poster fell off the wall... And of corse it HAD to be the one on the top of the wall... I have to find something to stand on! :D
to be shipped to an Iconic Boy :D
When your all pumped out over there, come relax over here. 1 block N. of the convention center on Washington St.
"The LORD your God proves you, to know whether you love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul."~Deuteronomy 13:3
“: Total student-loan debt is over $1 trillion, roughly 16% higher than earlier estimate...” Yeah. Two-thirds of that is mine.
Tell Yo Mom i Said HBD..!
Currently listening to spit on "Beautiful Morning." It's a beautiful morning here in NC! Wish y'all could be here to see it!!
In my city, community centers and some gyms do. Taichi beginners good, too. Even ag extension offers beginners.
we r driving the #strugglebus today
Kaiser Family Foundation found that health insurance premiums more than double what they paid in 10 yrs.
That cheese is good, but Anchovy anything.... no. D:
#SouthBeach here I come. I need to thaw out for a week!
You know, i don't get why people try to be something they're not
go caps!! RT : 3rd period is underway from Verizon Center. #Caps lead Panthers 4-0.
me too. (butting in).
you bet! Looking forward to your tweets.
Laviolette looks like Eddie Munster. He applauds the Schenn cheapshot and objects to this? Hippocrosy at its finest.
you silly!!
Help your front line staff understand how they drive quality #data collection & why they should care
truth be told, someone lost the cat fight.. But It was not anyone from a state the rhymes with "sississippi"
This is fucking disgusting.
So the topic right now: why drinking is legal and not weed when we get more F'd while drinking. :-):-) just saying its true.
very good. i miss them to. #tear lol
thanks! I'll try it out and see how it works.
#Audition for #Sprint commercials, #rehearsals with Robert Kalfin and getting ready for acting class tomorrow.... #actinginnyc!
Need you in my life
Only 11% of tetanus is fatal? I wish I'd known that before getting the shot. I'd take that over the inability to use my right arm for a week
the Internet can be wrong...? Does. Not. Compute.
“: Ill always thank for showing me ”—You're Welcome
I am very good at handling fire, also a great swimmer.
She got SUCH a crappy bunch!
Listening to on Pandora!!! I love !!
do you think that you could give us some pointers on our site? Oh and we would love to team up and feature your artists. :)
Check out - definitely seems like a #DCDrinkUp type of place!
Despite crazy PGH traffic I made it out of the city & am on my way to #AAM2012. Currently eating sad french fries in Chicago.
Chin up, buttercup, it'll happen! This time of the semester is crazy anyway. I'll take you on a date, if you'd like - #froyo? :)
congratulations. Ravenclaw is a very calm house where pretty much nothing happens. Everyone there is just minding his business
: is the winner. Naturally. Look, I care so much, I'm even twatting. I never twat.
Hey! Awesome! Which one did you end up collecting?
At church getting ready to hear a word.
I've been asking myself this for years!
Why u crying :( -MB
Now I know why The Artist was a silent film.
Gooool! Suarez para #URU. Spanish announcer is still announcing the goal. Somewhere in the world, Gaelano smiles.
Just arriving at the Asian cultural festival candidates forum. Speaking soon.
Digital Literacy Brainstorm. RT : What is 's class doing? Taking notes about my fountain? Welcome!
I can send to you
also thanks for reading the blog. Comment sometimes stank.
Great day with the DAO girls!! Thanks for the hard work!!
can't wait for #newtwitter!
Still feeling a little sad after the season finale of #trueblood last night
me too, that's what conference are good for
Butch Davis also raised Ray Lewis smh
"I can smell the bacteria on the meat"
Me and my husband almost done watching all the seasons to the wire this shit good lol!
#NP Electric Relaxation - A Tribe Called Quest...good morning!
When the game starts tonight I'm only reading tweets of followers who rep Lakers all day everyday. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
In the mean time the team will be continuing their rugby development through their own means, aiming to improve before the Fall 2012 season
Be sincere.
#Justin Please Follow Us
love you fluell!
Yess intel dell thanks
Diet is going good
hell yeah ! If you're ever in #MKE hit me up and we will rage style. w00t w00t
This programs gotta #chill, I may not be able to go out tonight and I'm starting to feel like aka
Getting ready to come tan
50 to 100 million college grads are jobless.. Smh
are we ever gonna get thru tonight......
Those are my fave games in the whole wide world
Finally got a new iPhone, woo !...I feel cool
We wish all our friends, followers and travelers all the best in 2012!!
Off to discuss sexual turn ons with my adorable professor and my bball lover. #jealous?
When u #happy I'm happy. When u sad I'm #sad. #Scorpio #Music #Classic #follow4follow #HandsDown #Boyfriend #Follow #DreamChasers2 #
thanks love! Have a great day!!
“: gonna record a commentary on some of the ignorant shit white people have told me over the past 4 years of high school.” 0_0
Diplomacy and Tact. I off to learn how to be all that I can be. Learning is the key of life; it never stops turning.
was hands down literally the best experience of my life. Thank u all
play da lottery
So found out I have a stripper friend. EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS IRRELEVANT!!! :)
i watch that video j. Real talk from front to back!
Thanks for the Mention!
You're alone in EVERY picture?!? No friends huh! Ouchie!
Work work work is all I do..
Wow. am i the only one who had no idea what was happening during Lil Kim's plead the 5th?
Thanks Merissa! I was so scared to do it! lol " , your new #natural hair color is RIDUCULOUSLY gorgeous...."
The suspense is killing me!!!
Happy birthday Stevie Wonder.
RT : If u want to do something, don't complain about it & point fingers - just get up & do it -- Vince Gray
#IWontBe your #Hero, but I'll make your hero laugh so hard they piss their pants...
i am liking this assignment. It is tough, but kind of fun. Best of luck to Mr Price's agents.
OKC getting creative with their t-shirts: distributed blue to some sections, white to others. Looks cool!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear You missed a spot
LOL....Audrey you're funny!
Looking for the sweetest dive bar in Hollywood for my birthday party...anybody?
All u need now is some #LFTC Karaoke, and your night would be complete..
Would YOU buy a Losing Ground t-shirt?
LOL. too funny! How have you been?
only if you ain't tryna wake all the kids up with they nosey ass...
Yemen's Saleh says willing to quit under conditions. www.tncnews.com
that's great definitely will be there to demonstrate Send me the address. Your the best
THOSE ARE THE BEST......
#HISD trustee Anna Eastman broaches the topic by discussing effects on kids with differences.
glad to hear it! Be sure to let us know any ideas you have or areas for improvement!
Happy Birthday to
I'd like to think good...everything's better with gravy
Jesus my apartment clean lol
is it a Yung Bux mixtape? Only good rapper out there
If u r in the Arlington area, come by Little O's Patio Grill off Little rd. & I-20 from 6-8. I'll be here w/ Kiss FM...first drink on me :)
omg my head has been pounding all day #cantfocus #thisneedstostop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Yes the 46 % growth is regarding both the Marathon, Half Marathon and the Inaugural 5k!
RT : Advice of the Day RT : Keeping a message simple is the best way for an idea to spread.
farmer's market, classic car show, sprinkler park, bruchi's for dinner and major cuddle time all w/ my kiddo. This is the life!
I still can not do anything on my account, have reset password a couple of times hasn't worked. I had a hard doing this tweet.
Join us today at Automation Alley for an educational presentation on fastening in the glazing industry. 2-4pm, rsvp 313-491-5040
Also, Tommy (raised on a farm) observed a peer's project on toddler pageants, shook his head and said "That's why I stopped showing goats."
Almost getting hit by a car
Taking my computer to the Apple Store tomorrow. This is ridiculous, my macbook battery shuts down every 20-30mins maximum!
Hansen says I deserve that for my stupid tweet. "Goober."
A bowl of weedies.... Great way to start the day.
Purchase your "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Through www.SNOCLOTHING.com Shirts are $25.00 Shipped!!!!
#3WordsForeYou Take It Off
Woman on bus keeps almost falling asleep on my shoulder. Will have to get pic if it actually happens.
Law & Order: SVU is the shit.
Last night was a night for photographs and I took nary a one. Dammit.
how did u like dat retaliation lol
Well you know. I'm just that cool I can make it a shout out and a life saver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Its commitment to winning and it's fans and the community,beautiful PPL Park,the river end #MLS #C'monTheU
Thank you for your kind shares related to our Bull Run animated map. Most appreciated.
#Evanovich, Seven Up. The further adventures of Stephanie Plum, bounty hunter. These are very silly books, which may explain their appeal.
": Happiness is a very attractive quality in a person. Anger? Resentment? Spite? Not so much." darth vader is a bad BF
#pepsi #doritos #chevy... Pretty disappointed w/ #superbowl commercials so far. Following twitter is much more entertaining.
It is. Help yourself.
Japanese sword training---done. Up next: Equestrian training!
I really wish I had sometime to cuddle with right now
Don't really care what you think about Pres. Obama but ending Iraq is massive. It's bigger than anything. Wait, pepper spray at Walmart!
Catch up son. Thanks, friend, for wishing us well at #INCBattleBands! Much to be done, but we're hyped!
you too! Good talking to you. Stay well, and keep in touch xx :)
Social Impact Bonds: New Winds of Change in Canada - Pro Bono Australia
Monica looks amazing now shooting beauty look!
Free Zumba and Yoga classes at the EP library this month.
I would hope No one would want to be me, but i love you and i and fabulous
Marian is now breaking down Dcenter Baltimore's us of place and relationships as a material.
Hit up at 4pm to get some good brew and bites from !
stores already open wtf where can I cop the 3's at in Richmond, VA?
It's finally me and you and you and me and us, and your friend Steve #StoryOfPepperPotts'Life
feel better :) go caps!
I think everyone should live in New York at some point in their life.
Hey Johny nice giving out autographs to the kids and adults while working on Los taco La Gran Señora.
is it ever late enough for that?
Same with me, especially today! Cheers!
Yes sir! RT : u hoop'n 2mrrw (galleria)
Life ends when u stop dreaming, hope ends when u stop believing & love ends when u stop caring. So dream hope & love…Makes Life Beautiful
I'm not offended. I'm just explaining how some people feel, sometimes. It's contextual.
You're right! :)
what?!? School should be almost over tho.
I made cake but I screwed up frosting it
On the real yous a lame
SOMEBODY DISAPPEARED ON ME!
Thanks! Great event. Every location was packed! RT : Got my hair cut at for
I was still too scared to buy a mango, so I bought pre-sliced mango instead. We will see how it goes...
that was the best skit
Thank you Viddy
Happy Friday to all my friends and family, have a safe, blessed and fun weekend.
Nope. He's playing The Entry tonight.
Ever used "It's Complicated" for a Facebook status? Tweet me back why for a non-work related project I'm working on.
yeah some of us have sensitive egos too. Its hard being a manly man sometimes. heh.
Mitt Romney has probably never been in a dive bar.
I don't know yet, probably come by tomorrow to see what they talking about since I didn't have time to today.
Richard Vargas-- I've taken so many jobs I could not identify with b/c I'm a writer, not a UPS worker or a postal worker
Happy Friday Everyone! We have Souvenir Duvel Glasses, great for Holiday Gifts!
of course. It's probably the same as iPad #3 but with 1 or 2 changes
lol dont let it fool you, I'm beautiful lol
Many companies use repeat advertisements repeating the product name many times in hope the audience recognises it and take it in.
I didn't DIE! Jesus Christ! I'm still here girl! And now I have ALL the time in the world, so get ready for my daily emails
Ashfield, of course. I love that particular waterfall!
There's no such thing as "low budget" in the porn world. It's called "amateur"
I got a Verizon iPhone 4 for sale... Im asking $1.2 million, but for u.... A millski even will suffice LoL
My mom is following me on twitter...
Shut up -_-
now I think I need a 3rd twitter account: 1 for business, 1 for fun, 1 for making myself look better than I really am.
#sixwordstory #librarians #dls15 Finding my way through unknown paths.
What can we do to help KY, AL, GA & TN?
John Tucker Must Die is on! This is my favorite movie of all time.
I said govt insurance/GUARANTEES - the "too big to fail" nonsense. It IS govt insurance, explicit or implicit. Never goes well.
you should! Haha jk. I want that :/ “: Now I feel guilty for the peperoni pizza I am having for breakfast....”
Im so sad that ur moving to florida! Will u come back to texas to see alex?
Guess it's time to cancel my Melrose Place remake series recording ;-)
oh yes, that is true
Yikes. Sounds like you should talk to about the BRAT diet. Hope you're all well again soon!
Gas station attendants with great attitudes are inspiring.
we're all looking for the easy button in life :)
Omg my ass is so sore SMH
i just remered you all dressed up in coach fishers lil hat, glasses and name tag and acting like him
Awww. You are too sweet. Let's do it!! :)
a story it is only 14 chapters im on chapter 11 <33
how you guys feel about Rocketjuice and the Moon album?
Welcome :) i absolutely love your tweets like when im down you always make me smile and ik your always here on twitter :) <3
Whatever happens, take responsibility!
glad you like!!
Watching the US Open Andy Roddick barely won!!!
When I die, I want a disease named after me, with symptoms that include "being awesome at everything." =)
SEP hosts a heart to heart cultural exchange: The session was part of a five-hour International Focus on Teen Culture event organized...
Good Morning Everyone
: also follow for #5280showdown actions
i wish i stayed out fairfax still...stafford dry as hell..but its raining??
couldn't fit it!
101,000 views on my YouTube channel. Thx everyone. Have a lovely day
thank you for your positive expressions. May you have good health and prosperity _/l\_
I could use a cupcake right about now :)
What's a good website to read Bieber stories on? That's like fun140?
stranger's backpack accompanied by sunflower seeds and an investments textbook. should've known. where you at?!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU
Not sure how I feel about this Greek yogurt.
Everytime I see a car chase on TV I expect a Michael Weston narration and am disappointed there is not one.
Jack Valentie likend the VCR to the Boston Strangler, not Jack the Ripper. But great talk! Everyone should send this to their rep.
Why are people still waiting on Jesus's resurrection? He's been here for the past 24 years.
Im super clumsy...dropped the soap in the shower stepped on it n fell.
howdy Partner!
We've seen some great submissions from your program. Thanks to the MFA students!
At the end of a, per usual, jampacked day...
Back home & back to work, but I sure do miss my family.
whole heartedly agree. in fact, now i'm hungry for some.
hehe. Ahh I'm so calm and in peace. If only you knew!
So please forgive me. I really miss you a lot and I want to be close again.
sad you couldn't play today.
Yessir. She's an amazing talent and a beautiful person.
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from. - Aaliyah
Sometime when crafting a pitch, I start with the problem. Other times, the vision. It seems both are appropriate at times.
Beautiful & inspiring.. you had me choked up big time. Happy to be a part of it in a small way. Xo
You're probably following and I'm the invisible one.
Bow ties are really cool this season, just make sure they have lots of fun colors in them. www.southfloridaalerts.com
I know! Why do men like the couch so much?
I don't think I've ever used "gosh darn" ever in my life until today.
OMG! Happy birthday matt!! #HappyBirthdayMattGraham :)
Wow this weather < oh my fucken asdfghjkl I hate the wind>:P
work is not productive today
There's a ton of cutting edge tech here @ the CES show this year. Head is still spinning. Good showing by the photo industry.
I KNOW!!!! It HAD to be a pantyliner! Sigh!
If the running of the bulls is happening upstairs from me right now, I need to get out of bed and explore Pamplona.
I always give her this face -_-
hey me and have the same birthday! :D WOO!
What are you talking about? I searched, but couldn't find info. Link? Thanks!
I don't care if he shot or passed, Lebron should have the ball in his hands in the 4th. Plain and simple.
Sleep sleep z
got my tix for Madison show! Can't wait!
Not gonna lie his eyes were pretty glossy... Can't believe I met Doug
glee does it better...
this romper is the most comfortable thing in the world
is so hot right now
you could be the dyke bouncer. lmao!
A 4 year old just told me I remind him of a mermaid :) my day has been made <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><3
different guy on this side.
political entrepreneurs are people who can't cut it in business so they use politics to get power, money, don't contribute
I had a great time with family and friends, now it's back to LA for me :)
I just missed you in a tiny chat?!!!!!!!
u know what to say! ;)
Thanks! I got to get this moving! Want to laugh? I am getting magnet bumper stickers for my car today. :-0
can i help?
Well hello there, May. It's about time. Is it just me or did April seem to go extra long this year?
...not you. Don't flatter yourself.
Thanks for the RT!
whoops! Our mistake, thanks for the catch! :)
Autocorrect just tried to change to "juiciness". He's. That. Smooth.
Conference USA RT “: Athletic Fee committee votes to approve 54¢ increase of student fee, 4-3.”
There's only one vacation that really matters, and as long as I get that one I'm a happy girl.
I have a boring ass life so the Problem with instagram is that there's nothin interesting to take pics of lol
are you a cat now?
Yayy im Getting Instagram since its available for ANDROIDS.. ha :P #TEAMfuckiPHONE ...
a well dressed boy with no intellectual capabilities = <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thanks for following!
Hey I will be in the east bay today hit me up for scissors or sharpening call or text 5173043525 Peace get at me !
Presentation starting, and take the stage at #health2con. Health 2.0 has been all over the world
Safe travels to the YMCA Soaring Spirt Nation dads and daughters from MIssion Viejo! We can't wait for you to arrive.
Take it back! Making a cape is stupid easy, and holy CRAP are they fun to swish!
as soon as i get off work. :)
Suggested rule: if you receive Medicaid, you must contribute to the program 50% of what you spend on cigarettes or soda.
Like I literally laugh out loud watching it by myself. That's when you know something's funny.
Daddy Help me with my Followers :D
RT": "Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation." ~Henry Kissinger #Quote"
Cinerama Dome...worth it?
Julia Roberts is better than my role. It's not as clear in this clip, but there's lots of patriarchal condescension.
And then there's you. Apparently it's your job to defend an entire conference of scholars.
Jennifer is simply amazing. Fabulous tribute to Whitney.
Hindsight is always 20/20, but I was thinking the same thing.
The opening riffs on 'Harvester of Sorrow' are that piff. Metallica is that piff.
Thanks for visiting Figaro's! Saw your check-in on and just wanted to make sure you enjoyed your pizza! How was it?
how is slick willy??
The dude sitting in front of me has bolt screws for earrings...actual bolt screws for earrings!
I just wanna give the Stanford kicker a hug <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Driving Kayli to school. She is late today.
have they maintained audience members through the series?
Someone at work just completely ruined my Friday by telling me it was only Wednesday.
i wich that happened
your show tonight was great I cried at the end
Have encountered fallen-from-the-nest baby birds twice today. What is this an omen of?
Nothing like a late medicine run..
I am so pumped!!!
wrapping up a great two days at #4C12. Aside from the awesomely fun Bedford party, a few other highlights were... [+]
Bakersfield show was o much fun! So glad I got to meet you! :)
Q2. Dont take for granted ur health. If u see signs of something coming on. Dont ignore Think of u.
You guys inspire me so much even though i'm only 12You guys prove to everyone that you could live your dream please follow me<U+2665>
Making an appointment is key. I was just at Glendale and got my shit taken care of in about 15 minutes.
Bruuhh I've had a two day hangover. I feel like shit and now I'm super sick. Wtfffff.
I believe it is
My new app for iPad/iPhone, Weather Genie, is free today only, just hit #10 in UK
Fundraiser Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre in Newark was a great success! Any ideas for our next fundraiser?
thanks! I was thinking of leaving the ADDIE model behinds as I'm not there :(
Hey Pope Benedict XIV the #DalaiLama came to San Diego now when are going to stop in???
The weather is perfect today for paddle boating at the Tidal Basin. Take in the sights of the nation's capital & get a sunkissed glow!...
Higher Gov Interest Rates = Higher government spending - build 40,000 schools, gymnasiums, sewer systems, high speed rail, etc. Hire artists
how long are you gonna follow Me? Lol
Get some sleep, Zack. //RT : I think the Titans made a crappy pick so they could get talked about again now that Preds have ppls attn
Ty Lawson just literally broke ryan Anderson s ankle hahaha
Its so hot outside ;O
Pissed and bored
#RIPMCA I'll be pouring out a little bit of my Brass Monkey for you tonight.
best wishes to you and your family this week, Dan.
Whacha doin tonight?! - it maybe raining but that won't stop us! :) -Ashley
Somebody explain to me how that wasn't an "And 1" on that breakaway. #GoAheadIllWait (#Inside)
awesome dudes.
I know is going. Wish I was. RT : Any #interactive attendees headed to #sxsw from #milwaukee this year?
Offered...or intended...the million dollar question...only a word...the world of PR...
Yup, God is a Tebow fan.
I'm thankful... <3
#FF to our Top Contributors!
#YouGetPointsIf you're a good dancer
That's what I was gonna say. You are a classic gluten intolerant case.
gonna be dj-ing a party using dj sheepwolf. Try it out
Apparently 20 minutes of post race analysis wasn't enough. We'll be on a few minutes late.
"Soldiers from KS... made 4 widows & 26 fatherless children. Oh, what a sight to behold!" -Tate Letter re: Order No.11, Lone Jack Hist. Soc.
Congratulations to the men of Kappa Alpha Psi on 101 Years. Happy Founders Day.
Any deals coming up for Admirals games?
ilove ur eyes for real they are pretty!":)
AC reduces fuel efficiency by up to 10%. Avoid using the AC by rolling down the windows at speeds below 40 mph.
I celebrated National Taco Day by eating a burrito bowl from Chipotle...does that count?!
just had my first acupuncture adventure with ... combined with today being the last day of my 11 day cleanse, i am squeaky clean!
Friend of a friend builds them, but they didn't have the staining, point markers, or size of our deluxe finals board. =(
#justice4trayvon please retweet this or share it. justice for trayvon, miller!!! we cannot afford to be quiet
Duke should offer any amount of money to Christian Laettner to make him change his mind about coaching.
No power. Now THIS is traditional publishing.
Who Tryna Drink!!?
I'm about to just tell him I'll see him later
Yay!! In-house attendees!
I love my Mama. Just got her Mother's Day present. <3
In a presentation- Loving the social media world!
You're welcome Mike! How's the auto glass world?
congrats on the twins ! Hope all is well!
HEY NIALL :D how are you ? you know you should follow me it'll be great \^o^/
not today - have fun!
It might be a little goofy, but I'm super excited for my first flight on the famed
And he's not even texting me back
I have NO relation , cause there's nobody that's committed to rock the ship
I laugh at the girls that think they're in love the moment they get a boyfriend then they end up single the next week or so.
Hey, do you think if a random Asian showed up to Orioles Fanfest pretending to be Wada or Chen, would anyone even notice?
they probably will. But then we shall DESTROY!
Never again am watching football with my grandma lol
sorry to hear this. I wish your mom well
Wow, The NFL Tebows really get every break don't they... I thought we played Denver today?...Fuckin sissy.
Forming Volleyball, Euchre, Skeeball, Dodgeball, and Kickball leagues here in Columbus metro area! www.capitalcitysports.com
I was kidding.. U don't need to go out your way to get me a hat :)
Congratulations to Gregory G. Brown on being featured in the Riveria Magazine "Power Lawyers" Section for June 2012 issue!
Join in for the Day of A Thousand Cranes event this Sat July 30 1-6pm in Tompkins Square Park for face painting, live performances & more!
Asked to suggest affordable titles for new EReader owners? Suggest Tess Allen's 'His Wife's Diary' & 'The Jewel Thief'. Thanks! Word up!
I cannot even handle how perfect #Community is right now.
What a relief. Friends were so worried about him. Hopefully he'll get the mental health care his wife says he needs.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Arkansas
It always does. How are you?
-- must be taking the FOX rejects for GOP talking points.
All processes of distributed computing (ex: packet switching) involve delay and fractioning.
time to try and be happy
Jerry, + this 2 adverts :not easily impressed but seminar w/ was gamechanging Final hour like end of Usual Suspects
“: First base coach Nate Shaver thrown out after a bad call by the 1st base ump ends the inning.” Shaver said something?
So ! PLZ Tell to your friends to follow me because I need 1000 ! Because I can follow you again only If I have 1000 ! Love Effie
laundry? that's a bummer! #Pizza tour sounds fun though!! yum! favorite toppings? :)
I told somebody at work you need to punch it in the chest like in The Rock/Pulp Fiction The allergy person was terrified
Me and brody are making bank.
Dude! There is a dubstep remix of the Juliet hardcore song. DOPE as fuck.
I love what the Browns did in the draft. Got exactly what they needed most.
Happy Holidays to all...
Best Pic Oscar: The Sting. Butch & Sundance ride again!
He said his name was lil fat fat from fair st. I said yeah I use to be over there my ppl stayed in the white house across the gate from CAU
Hopefully it will feel more intimate! It's so big right now you feel so far from the action.
Everyday Twitter also reinforces that famous and stupid are inseparable
"As he looks at Anna in her apron, his face beams with a great happiness."- CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
So my brother in law compared the army nanner I made him to pink socks that he shouldn't take to work. Lame... ;)
its sexy xD
Giggling at myself because I ordered something from American Eagle…
Heyy. Wanna follow back ? Thanks.(:
Stoked to be playing next Wednesday with , the ONLY Indie-Electro-Hip-Pop band worth their weight in pop rocks!
What is ur favorite #cookbook #author of the past? I love Hannah Glasse & Mary Randolph #recipes. What era do you study?
you & Courtney.. Lol
15% of adults engage in half of all sexual activity.
FLAG COUNTER has freaked out! Now one hit equals a DEATH PENALTY! FLAG COUNTER KILLS! DON'T DO IT!
Hitting up this month's Design Conversation. Topic is "Commonwealth/Open City" which should be interesting.
Thank you Good Day Fox 4, we had a great time this morning! Looking forward to our show tomorrow night at Prophet Bar in Dallas!
LG city council votes 3-2 to give city employees a stipend, based on years each has worked in LG, Mary England and Howard Cook dissenting
has a sensitive side too you know lol.
No trip to east penn is complete without a cheesesteak from Pat's
Every thing I've lost no longer makes a difference
I love your videos. (:
Catering to the Boomer Travel Style in Europe - a new post on Baby Boomers Traveling
The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame
You going to be at the stu later? I'm coming by to rile up those ghosts.
Inception may be my most favorite movie of all time
I love you! <3
Bronx flow.
Hate losers who follow you hoping you'll follow back and raise their numbers. I'm good with 3 followers, fuck off.
LOL i know ;*
Keep #calm and carry on.
Nope, not yet.
Pillow fort construction is an art & a science. Bravo to the New York Times!!! I build a fort for living room homework extravaganza.
Dwight Howard is a coward!!! He know he said he wanted Stan Vangundy fired. He just ain't man enough to admit it!!
Wondering how my douchebag cousin gets anywhere w/ girls
#ThatOnePersonWho you can tell everything to.
I'm in town, but it's crazy. Maybe next week.
Lmao! What do you want for your birthday sweetie? FARMVILLE!!!!
GREAT song!
Had a great time at dinner with Too bad she can't go to hilton head.
lol yes i am...ever hour....until i need 2 sleep...dats the bad part, but until den lol :)
My little sister (who's 9) probably cusses more then me. And I'm 7 years older then her
I need some ideas for a YouTube video please help me .
- My favorite team / team I associate most with is the Mavericks. They did worse haha.
Now seems like a good time to look back upon the past year and think about all the opportunities I missed.
this trip has seriously changed everything. and i mean everything.
Quote of the Day: We learn to walk by stumbling.......Bulgarian Proverb
lol! Thanks honey!!! I'm definitely a woman of my word.
RT : Retweet if you miss someone who you know doesn't miss you.
uhmm yea u do:)
So the pizza guy comes to the door. I happen to look down and he has on no shoes #epicfail smh
Woke up to a puddle of cat vomit and ants. Gonna be a good day.
Defending Artest makes you look bad IMO. It was obvious he elbowed him with intent to hurt him. This will be his 4th SUSP.
make me shut my face
Had a great day today @ the creek!!! Two more days off, what to do what to do ??;-&#41;
U should stop reading the tweets out loud to ur self lol Jk RT : If I can just go one week without losing my voice!!! Ah
Its worst cuz when she with em she think of me but she won't leave cuz they in too deep
aishah miller: this is what the #beyondhunger conference is all about - getting YOUR voice heard and have great conversations
Good advice: A woman's heart is as tender as a man's balls. Don't break hers and she won't break yours...
EEk. Can't wait to hear what you think, Evan! Have a great time!
i love those little vodka gummy bears.
I'm n pain right now is in my hometown 3 mins aways from my home & my mom, my HS friend met him & I'm stuck n Orlando UGH!!
Interesting. I rarely use a lid for coffee, even in the car. I guess I defy physics -- my petty superpower.
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
stoned fucking vibes.
I have so much laundry
follow back? Lol
One of the hardest things is seeing that you're perfectly fine and happy without me
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Lovin' <U+E022> 'Signs and Signifiers' on Hi-Style! Answer our prayers & play for us in San Francisco! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
Someone in the office forgot to pay the Internet bill. See? Corporations ARE people.
Spiderman said: with great powers come great responsibilities. #bizforum folks - let's use that big data responsibly!
listenin to a collab of the two worst rappers of this century LMAO...Soulja boy & Lil B
I brought Small World Underground to HASTAC. wussed out.
I think Mr. Sheen is right....."Winning!" Yep, feeling better already!
Lord, let my my vision reach beyond my sight
Hello fuck face, broken promises are lies!
congrats to for his #ffl domination. i'm jealous.
Cubs lose again. Fun season so far.
League standings coming soon.
u knw I gots to get my love b 4 our gm ;).
Android's swype feature confused chihuahua and fajita.
Alright. Don't care about the weather. Go back to golf.
okay that's understandable...
#Browns sign DE Jaqua Parker to a one-year $3 million deal. Guy is relentless pass rusher at times...also re-sign CB Patterson to 3 yr deal.
your little cuz my goonie merkem city rider you kno me stop it k
Hope you will be rockin a BXP tee there... lets go ANDY!
OK Mark Jackson. Put the starters back in for OT. What are you thinking? If Warriors lose, he should be fired.
It's back up for sale. Could be awhile before anything happens with that place, sadly.
listening to "Ghost on the Canvas"&"Any Trouble",Paul Westerberg tunes on the last Glenn Campbell album. liked em by PW, like em now by GC!
two buck chuck! :)
four key findings
girl, you and your sister have some major promo blood in you (the real (true?) kind!)
I'm all lost in the supermarket.
One last #FF ladies and gents ---> for being a great new place, & , for ROCKING it here today!
Toodaloo, Dita. Let's face it, girl was not in the same league. Especially not with Ms. Latrice taking us to church! Can I get an amen?
txt messaging is declining cuz you can't send links!
need as many likes on computers , thanks to all i follow or my followers, have a blessed day
Having a tough time getting anything going. Let's see if I can double up in this last level
Thanks for following! I Love the Name of Your TOUR!
Jordy other guys have to many question marks around them
Did my writing assignment over the ICONic Boyz. Got a 100! :)<3 Right there, Yeah Buddy!
Impractical Jokers finale tonight! :)))
Sleep, preferably on shoulder next to you.
I make people love me!
dude I am tonight ;)
thanks a ton!!!!!!!! We appreciate your support!!!! :) keep it metal!
Headed back to my house hung out wit my big sis all day yesterday n this mornin my spring break already fun cant wait til the summer
RT : Change the Way you Look at Things and the Things you Look at Change. ~Wayne Dyer
they certainly are !
Hey TAAP fans! What gets you going in the morning - music, working out, coffee?
This was such a bad idea whoever told me to try the bus #takes way too long
No library weed
I love vaginas
If anyone gets a message from me saying to click on something please don't do it, like I did because im fucking stupid.
Just too funny, if you need at laugh check out
yo smile so cute and sexy babee <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
PLEASE TWEET ME BACK DO YOU NOT NOTICE ME?:'(
Wow! Hahah Then sign me up....lol
Aye #dreamchasers2 was ok. First one was better! I still got my money on He saving that #HEAT for #dreamsandnightmares AUG. 28!
Ladies/Gays, the dude working the Wendy's drive-thru in Eau Claire right now is pretty dreamy. I'll bet he's friends with Bon Iver.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook... their "MESSAGE"-area things still doesn't work right! Why it takes 5 min to open? is beyond me!
sounds goods. Coordinate this with darren.!
Uh Huh...Great!
saving some $$ for da new hizzzzouse!!
RT : The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate feedback!
Company coming over tonight for my world famous Mac and Cheese. The cheese alone for this cost's over $15.00, sharp wht cheddar &Gruyere
BOOKED ON A TV SHOW! Only after 28days signed with Conscious Publicity!
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665>9
Hay, um, I should go to that show with you Friday. \m/
Steve Blake come thru too. what a team effort!
I know!!! I meant to text you yesterday... Just got in from the trail I will text you after I finish with my hair!
Wow fantastic news on reaching your £5k target. Will be thinking of you all tonight.
I'm going to the party as the "Shively Grab n' Go Runner"...wearing Spandex and a Livestrong T
Un breakfast..!!! :D
Thank you for lighting a fire under my ass to finish writing. Everyone, go see Sound of My Voice and see how it inspires you.
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
How we identify learning styles apply for choosing platforms? Does my learning style connect to a platform or delivery system?
I think you missed "15". :p
Oh, that's cool.
Having friends that can relate to you.
Needs to get back to his acting and writing career. Got caught up in my current job and it's not what I love doing.
i need a massage, like badly!
I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life, If I die next Tuesday.
is steeped in production contracts, scheduling, travelling, and hitting the bull's eye...
Oh yeah? Nice. Thanks for checking it out!
": Too tired to fap even."no such thing
What's with the one game opening series between the #Cardinals n #Miami , a one game series??? Makes no sense
Designing my sound creation user interface in Photoshop. I've been keeping Steve Jobs' sense of taste in mind as I have been working...
just wrapped a great interview w/ #driving88 inspires.
Everything's amazing when your on vacation I guess
shockingly little progress on the eportfolio #libraryschool i get why it has to be due before graduation but got a lot on my plate now
I miss u! Feel better! I'm excited to go to brunch with you in the future with Allison, Jen, and
My 100th tweet goes out to MYSELF for making a 96 on my term paper! !!!
Paging all sweethearts! Heart-shaped donuts are back! Grab a Cupid's Choice donut and a mocha latte for your sweetie. xoxo!
Thank you very much for coming! I think the campaign was a great step forward. FYI:I was born cynical and aged well.
Doesn't matter what others think u should do... what truly matters is what YOU want to do
The only thing I can say is Skylar is too good for American Idol! Love her country rock vibe!! On to Nashville!!!!
*nice RT : I have such a weird body...
Excited to hear this panel-- The Future of Lifestyle Media with
What a great day lmao, what else can happen
Lol! I'm grown... You need to be in bed...Lol
I have teased him for 31 years about it. LOL": That's funny.... #WellNotForHim : )"
Seems like the last day of the year makes you think about everything you do. =)
Facebook's Marne Levine: "Right to be forgotten" not very realistic
We walked Madeleine Albright to the car and before she left and said to us: "I can't leave without shaking all your hands." Classy.
previous questions referenced
is listening to the sounds of silence, whirring computer fan and keening LCD, wondering where this conversation is going.
During convo about if we would ever bring #Beertown back... EYQ: "Can we have a pot-luck salad bar instead of dessert bar?"
That shift wore me out
now you know how I feel -_-
Sacrifice and offering you did not desire, but my ears you have pierced, burnt offerings and sin offerings you did not require. Psalm 40:6
Meeting with the agency reps @ 3pm. Photos look amazing; I love them, I'm certain so will they. Props to our girls!
LA! presents "To Be Or Not To Be" and "The Bad News Bears"! I haven't seen 'em and neither has he! Get thee to
Did you know that Mke now has SEVEN Irish dance schools? And we will have all of them, plus an 8th, dancing in the parade!
thank you 4 the advice! I'm still so fired up... It's unbelievable!! I'm calling their supervisor 2morrow explaining value.. Thx:)
2011.07.23 #Giants 4 #Brewers 2 | Some poor baserunning / stifles chance of Brewer win / T. Plush bad karma?
Hey, i tried to get that and they said it was discontiuned in my size. You suck.
Oops - I meant ASIST Student Chapter award to - sorry
What a double standard! If a woman Senator had posed nude - she would get neg press
her: i mean, we're talking about bombay, so they're OBviously not gonna be renovating anytime time soon-- me: what does that mean? her: ..
Can any one help me with followers? I really want to spread my story
This game has set QB play back 50 years
Hungry for volunteer work, cultural immersion, and adventure?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor
#FF The American People
#mla12 #s215 : pros of this model: lots of Emory faculty involvement
#cool twitter decide to not load anymore.
Good Night! Long day tmrrw!
Yeah, I'll take that win.
Let's be honest, I would be friends with anyone from lost. Even Ben.
for sure girl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I seriously only like Mondays cuz of Mrs. Arch's cinnamon rolls!
Hey friends, fam and fans of my music...please follow me here to receive updates on my band "The Railways"
me too. I have to go to the home opener.
haha, age is just a #, as long as you keep learning and laughing, it doenst matter, right? :)
For your license or new car
Good morning! Make sure to check your emails! Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
Shout out for Officer Garza (#1889) & Mark/Tom of the Vol Program of #Lakewood #PD Ran out of gas (gauge said 24 miles left). Gassed me up!
Stupid dogs. I told them to be mean to burglars.
AWW THANKS BOO!! Can't wait to see you tonight either... wanna hear al about STL!!!
you a fine mf.
can I get on a soccer team out there this summer?
Thanks to everyone who made #litaforum 2009 such a success. Thank you!
Setting band shoots FILLIN UP FAST .. The digital new media press kits are awesome ;)
"Be sure to do something today that deeply nourishes you: remember the world needs your happiness." - Judith Lasater"
eating healthy it too difficult and expensive? are you kidding, it east and cheaper than buying junk..
but I can shake the.....nor did i think this through. We have to come up with something.
Topic was Obama's recent higher ed proposals. Caller suggested we round up drop-outs and make them pay back aid $.
oh no! I just heard that #vidalsassoon passed away today. We had taken photographs of him at his home. Such a lovely person. Def be missed
#starhawk reminds me somewhat of Giants: Citizen Kabuto. Man, need to fire that game up again.
I expect youll be #pmki for the next several years RT Baltimore bound!!!!!
Get ready for the Holiday Gala again this year! December 23rd at
No text back yet…<U+E40E>
This'll matter for nxt 36 hrs or so RT : It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
Good morning looks like the assassins failed again.
You don't know my struggle
When's the last time you hear #Streetlife by #TheCrusaders on the radio? You're hearin it now! Pledge your support. 612-529-5236
But does it taste good? ;-) I LOVE me a skinny latte!
You mean white people in North Carolina? RT : WHITE PEOPLE STOP MAKING ME LOOK BAD
Wassup peoples?! It's !
RT #Deep RT : Is one supposed 2 add Sriracha 2 food or food to Sriracha? 1 of life's great mysteries // :)
“: LA!” where you gonna be?
east side is where it's at
You won a prize!! Come to our table at the union from 10-2 or you can pick it up later at UCA 5500. Congrats!
Not going to the Weeknd because I want to stay convinced that band only exists on the internet.
It's seems like babies are always on their periods..
Game 7 is on my mind
If Yeezy 2's drop on June 9th, someone Better be buying them for me as a birthday gift! Not a bad birthday shoe....
had the most amazing birthday-halloween weekend, ending with dinner at Thanks to everyone who made it great.
also, through tax loopholes corps are paying less taxes then they have in over 50 years.
Are you willing to do what others won't do? If so, you will succeed!
I want the codes! Am I too late?
Ladies and Gentlemen, I am on vacation for the next week! Except for Wednesday, when I have to work, but I'm not thinking about that now.
its never too late to join! Haha :)
That's surprising. I love stylish chicks.
: tues night dinner is becoming a POTLUCK at KRAEMERICA. and i believe the more the merrier. 6-10pm
RT George Clooney was arrested. It's been 15 years but they finally got the bastard responsible for 'Batman & Robin'.
Glad to help get you through the shift :) RT : Jamming to some on Ustream at work...
Ever noticed, that if you look through 3D glasses backwards, the movie screen is green? C:
Contact Danielle Statler, in Career Services, she has taken over the Web area
Impressed with notification. Valuable, well-done.
this type of joke can be considered sexual harassment if it makes some people uncomfortable. Not appropriate for work.
Who do you use for customized direct mail pieces like birthday cards aside from ?
why are you in my closet?! hahah
yes :( u going?
#funfact All of the energy concentrated in one gallon of gasoline is enough to charge an #iPhone once a day for almost 20 years.
“ Thurs I will be interviewing Ben Finch from !” Looking forward to it, for now back to the twins!
CYBER HANDSHAKE: Congrats to Ted Uczen, who won the BizTimes NCAA Bracket Challenge. Beat me by 1 point! Chris Stolarski of MU placed third.
listen, I dont have time to tweet all night- I have a drivers license now..
On Sept.19, The London Palladium celebrates 100 Years of Magic with a night dedicated to magic and magicians. Magic will be in the air!
for sure Broc. Join us!
Art show title idea: Bomb Shit Happens. It's mine. You can't take it.
i know some people said they are having issue with the casting site... please give us 24 to 48 hours and we will have it fixed... thanks :D
He be texting you but she in love with her.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Last night I watched a very dark Channel 4 trilogy #Red Riding 1974. It was very engaging.
Gmail down for 10 min. This is the end, people! The cloud is a lie! Technology is a false god! I'm heading for the woods!
I am fondalo. The juggernaut keeps rolling.
what do the Giants need to make it to the playoffs?
Daily Muse: "Say what you think-Not what you think you should say!"
And then it got BETTER- Spotify just introduced me to the R.E.M. cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan
yea man that used to drive me insane
": you've struck out before. Thats an error." Everybody make fun of her
ill do it. Youll never do it lol
The #redsox just emailed the 9/17 game move to 4:10PM because of FOX. Good customer service. (this time)
so u wont be there to wave the flag today? That sucks. Had it recording while im in class at nursing school.
(PARODY) The Jacksons -- Oprah Interviews The Jacksons | Library ...
Gentleman never wear sagging jeans....unless they're in prison. Then again, if you're in prison you're probably not a gentleman
Jesus sacrificed his life for us, so we in turn should sacrifice our life for him! #amen! :D
I wanted to like it, I really did. I was so excited for the previews. As long as Orlandos in it, I'll go to see it to support you
Looking forward to the march tonight ! If you're in NYC... Drop by!
I am so ashamed of the state I used to call home. RT ALERT: NC voters approve constitutional amendment on marriage
It's a more common issue with girls than guys that is.
Tough loss for the Brewers in the 11th inning today. Glad the boys are back at Miller Park tomorrow.
QUOTE - "Economics reveals that the best time to buy anything is last year." Marty Allen.
First thing Ryan Fitzpatrick is going to say to Vince Young when he arrives in Buffalo -- one word: Wonderlic.
- Awesome! I'm going to call you tomorrow if my session ends at a reasonable time.
Yes, we did.
Panel discussion featuring staff Timothy B., Dwan R., Kevin S., and special guest is beginning!
As a recent Drexel grad, I am interested in what you find re: that policy.
All I can say is thank you!
So fly - Childish Gambino
How does a blond spell farm? E-I-E-I-O
f that. worst-case scenario... could understand OK or AL more. evidently not a great kid.
Pandora! When im bored of listening to my music I go to you....
Having a VERY uneasy feeling today. Not a clue why. Praying for peace of mind.
Time for The Video Dead. Love this movie something fierce!
Who wants a invite? Shoot us a message and we'll instantly get you in! (We're cool like that!)
#AllRelationshipNeed is SELFLESSNESS
Big Ben... Parliament...
Big things happening, get on board
Me cont'd, "But who'd have thought I'd see Him myself? Me, a paranormal expert and stuff!" You, "Yea, who'd have thunk it." Me, "Yep."
#PDXfoodcarts enable me to be completely negligent in the kitchen and still eat well for dinner. Not sure if that's a #win or not.
Happy Birthday to our Staff Writer and resident dungen master
This Friday will be performing their 1ST show #Live $10 Cover...Tweeps stay tuned for a VIP offer!
is my favorite! Sorry lol
Lately, i've been a fucking beat at beer pong. idk what got into me, but i love it. who wanna play me one night?! :D
My wife, on 21st Ave: "How many fabulous 20something girls and oddly dressed boys can you look at before you get tired?"
how long did u play?
OMG, is it, it can't be ! ITS (dramatic voice) lol
Awesome new web series coming this fall. Voting for the lead actresses starts next week!
Thanks, , for waking up at 5am to encourage me to workout, even though you're staying home today to play Diablo I. ;-)
Ginger looks like she has heart attack when she eats peanut butter
Fun meeting you today too!
Did Tim just compare his wedding to a burial? Run!
the worst are knicks fans, who think their tm is getting better. Capped out, untradeable pieces and incompatible.
Creative without strategy is called 'art'. Creative with strategy is called 'advertising'. — Jef I. Richards
need some brah run good again.
2013 Toyota Land Cruiser
#HappySunday ! I've been extremely slacking on my Twitter! Sworry! I'm going to change that I promise! Xoxo Tweet me! Following people!
I know love. :/ I'm hoping you can sleep soon as do I. But I'm going to lay down in about 20.
": LOL RT : Wow RT : So wait. How will the NBA have their Superbowl in February if they start so late? :("
Go Bulls?
I dont like LIARS.
Never think with my heart first I always think with my mind first then my heart afterwards
yeah, I get it, but just seems silly.
Heading to Austin this weekend wit Get at me if u go.
Copyright got you stymied? Recruit local talent to make a book you can share. Thanks Jamie!
Do the Goofy. You'll describe it differently. ;-)
Watching the "Titanic" 3D trailer has been the best part of the #oscars so far. April 4, so there.
GIFBOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PEW INSTAGRAM! dude I l literally like all your instagram pictures :/
Mary, when i first saw the article, i thought it said Phil Spector wrote it.
lost in the Aegean Sea... ;-)
I'd also say, it doesn't have to be just you but a trusted collaborator as well can watch & give you that visceral feedback.
This has been a really long day so far, and I'm going to dinner with my family so I think it's about to get longer.
yeah what a butt head!
I keep my cars for their entire "life" span, so I better love it! :) (fingers crossed)
fashion lives!!
haha thank u I hope so :))
i was in the 212
Oh my GOSH!I wish I knew that.I seriously got the run around today.Everyone was pointing their fingers to someone else.Frustrating.
Pho and Office Space on my couch after working a double.
Aww :) hope you had a great holiday Bets! Happy new year! Miss ya!
3 step process in this experiment: 1.Listen 2.Learn 3.Understand
Happy New Years from TripRes! Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right!
and you my dear please rest and heal fast
This! RT : " whatever you're working on better be the bomb for all the time you're spending in the studio."
I avoid restaurants where after I eat, I have to find something to eat.
Wonder if my money transfer to my account yet??
it is odd that social media is perceived as something much different than ppl having a conversation in public
With my sweetie bear Tracy Guillet!!
The word Checkmate in chess comes from the Persian phrase Shah Mat, which means the king is dead
I certainly didn't just spend the last twenty minutes watching heartfelt scenes from LOST on Youtube.
One Gator out, one gator in. Does this make you feel better about
Portland's Pihcintu Children's Chorus featured on the TODAY Show just now. Amazing. So much to be thankful for.
Attempted to accomplish two things, struck out on both. Can I go back to bed?
I agree
Thanks. When I clicked on "Add a new credit card" nothing would happen. Had to start over on the tickets homepage.
Hope all you FAC heads had a wonderful Wednesday! Come on in tomorrow and receive two top shelf grams for a $30 donation!!
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 39
how are your performances going?? Please post pictures!
This mornings Operation: Sound Off! interview on WSM's Bill Cody Show has been postponed due to weather.
Oakland penalty to Jacob DeSano, 2 for slashing. 5:32 left in the second. Oakland up 3-2
Thanks for the shout out!
I wish people could hide their fucking favorites. Fucking bullshit.
Im fina add some things 2 my look!
see u saturday
Just learned that 3 of our corps members accepted positions at Milwaukee College Prep for next year! Congrats!
At least i can see my other one friday at EKU (a college)!
#Gm tweethearts up early at the hairdresser!
one of you should come today to Beth Johnson park. We will be marching against the war on woman from 12-5 pm
ROSELLA and RESONANT SOUL are coming to THE BREAKFAST CLUB FEB 26th! More new songs and new ENERGY to follow!~
Thanks for following! :)
You're in Boston!?! So jealous. Kick a Bad Sox fan for me, ok, love birds?
I remember RIC & Marc Smith WHEN Marc would get DRUNK he would brag how he stopped Woodie & Hoy from writing checks to an elected.
Value just went way down for both players. That's an expensive night out on the town.
My pants are big today xo the fit me perfect like 2 weeks ago!
- it is a sad state of affirs and just seems to get worse and worse. We need a responsible press. Too bad ours is so pathetic.
really? No N-N-Out?
#jasonmisquotes are making me laugh so hard, I had to pull over as I am crying from laughing so hard and can't see
my phones fucked up just message me on here
One more class than its back to Louisville for a couple days
awesome right?!
Happy V Day to you and yours too Ms. Lexy!
Imma be under the dryer for ever
Better Know A Buckeye: Jordan Hall | Our Honor Defend
Hannah, you are making a difference with your written words. Keep it up! #stopbullying listen to They Say on our youtube
and who still made more points? Shut up aahaha you are still dumb coach green
"I don't have a dirty mind... I have a sexy imagination."
I am so excited and feel very lucky you two will be there on May 19!
So I ask an old lady today how she was doing and she reponds "wet"...so not fuckin kool man lmaoo
Much love family! RT : Happy birthday shoutout one time for the homie !!! Enjoy your day bro!
RT : Police confirm fatal three car accident at Chicago road and Barbara court
why thanks!
6 DAYS LEFT! - we could use a kick this weekend! $340 to get to $12,000...Plz - getting lots of support look fb.me/NX6DFapH
Visit me awesome site for creative Artists'!!!
Finally taking a break after 5 days of "Server in crisis" work!
Thank you cop for going 95 on i-80 and not the 15 I was going over the limit. You like to speed, too! :)
Evan Turner said, when he heard the whistle on KG's moving screen, "aw, man, somebody's gonna be mad."
my bestfriend and her boyfriend fell asleep. He's butt ass naked. awkward.
only like 100 times hahah!!! u shood cum over i hav like dozens of cherry garcia ice cream!! :D hahaha
Ack! Stupid Twitter. Now that you mention it, I haven't seen a post in a while. And I've been sad. All good now! Send DM.
i'm getting ready right now. Too bad i'm not excited. I just know this is one step closer to graduation.
And Marcus Allen mostly road the bench his last few years in Oakland without injury, making him younger than his years
#slaname updating the name is fine, just please refrain from the usual its all about the technology now
I would like to see Rahal or Hinchcliffe be a factor for the lead. I hope they call a year for for Katherine Legge(R).
Venue Registration EXTENDED until Friday June 10th 5pm! www.ghartwalk.com
all sorts of grammar fails in that last tweet. oof
Whether nothing you dismay or you made it out of clay, The Chocolate Library wishes you a happy holiday. Open today from 12 PM-12 AM.
Watching Forgetting Sarah Marshal
you welcome
would love to hear your thoughts on what I've built into ClassConnect so far!! :D
Ton of members have gone to work for the Herald. , to name a few.
congratulations bob
oh wow when was this taken?
Thanks for thinking of us Souna! Much appreciated!
I have not forgotten you! Just yesterday I was like I need to write Lesley.... ha lets talk tomorrow!
RT : Your "network of relationships" can be one of your most valuable assets ... or your largest liability.
: True test of your character not how you deal with adversity but how you handle power.
Congrats Bon Iver, a much deserved Grammy. Not necessarily a new artist, but getting better every year.
Isn't Raheem a 4-3 guy? One of the reasons I don't want him running our defense.
#FF to our loyal followers:
Holla at the fam for the studio time, mixing, mastering...even beats! They #WINNIN over there!
I knew you were wild. Figured you had a cute tail.
NBA No Basketball Anymore Millionaires vs Billionaires Let's forget it and support our great college teams! Go Vikings! PSU PDX
i think we heard a fox howl earlier... do foxes howl?
throwin up the middle finga to the world n to those who think they mean sum to me
yah girl but we don't have a car mine broke down so we don't have a way to get down there and I work sat night
Announcing presenting sponsor LST Financial for #NYE2012 #party with a purpose! Thx to GColton Photo!
enjoys the deserted spring break campus
well deserved win today at Midwest Cultural Tourism Conference! Can't wait to see what you do next!
oh, I see. That's not cool. #imsorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Well actually we are determining if it will be my first single or not. it's either Warzone or Smile.. still tryin to figure out.
a few times, very quick, shes in background shots. i was teasing her asking for her autograph haha
": No one whines about officials like Rangers fans. The NoDak fans of the NHL." Haha, visit the MavPuck message boards.
Where u @ boo.
Yeah im sad, But his heart will always be in texas and i am so happy for him that he is getting to live out his dream. He is doing this -
Bought CD! Amazing!
Welcome, Love Boat!
Day 1 of complete. I'll be drinking my beer tonight through a straw
Finna pull up to the quick trip for a chili cheese dog at half time mm
omg same here! I still got 8thgrade to go but it will be over before I kno it! Ah
u r amazing that would never change promise
Thanks for the RTs hope we see you there :)
Oh Stephen, ALL of my readers are civilized. It CAN be done...who knew?! Your response was Grade A. Will answer in the a.m.
shit doodoo. What are you doing?
Let me say this...no #Lakers fan can tell me nothing about the #Heat losing by 3 when y'all got butt rapped last night!
why what happened!!! :o
Ok get on google plus
They just do..(: call me crazy but they do(:
Next tweet will be the teaser from "God is an Atheist and He/She/It Wants us to be one Too", by Robert Larkin - part of #dareproject 20!
i got in a really bad bike accident going down a hill so i cant :/ sorry . if it dsont involve a camra i might
You're my hero.
CeeLo's cat scares me.
one minute we were 13 we really are going on 30. scary. i take that back. my next movie gift to you is how to train a dragon
Just paid $3.03 for 25 oz of water.
Ya'll should check out and help trend #DylanHolland (:
turn the air off
I wish I could read in my sleep.
you don't know who JB is!
RT : tension building... who will be best in show from the demo pit ??
All four NBA games today and the lone NHL game are all 3-1.
"Oh,You kiss 50 Cent with that mouth?" Puppet Dog.
Verizon here in NY "automatically" sells you a cover for the HTC Incredible. It's bigger and heavier than my old phone,but love it!
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!
Just wannted to give a s/o to the birthday guy :)
Please follow my friends to build their following , , , ,
well bored so Msg me if u want the cell # .. I can't call tho only texts(:
Just about a month until my degree recital... Crunch time!
Almost saw a fight in McDonald's between two old people. Say waaat
wow that's awesome. But again more like ancient artifact than "antique"
Life's too short to always take the fastest route.
Don't let a single dream go to waste..
I don't know what it would look like, but I know it would be fantastic. Count me in.
Trying to resist the urge to text someone who has been a dick to me more times than I can remember.........must fight..........
You know very well he's chuckling at the memory of it. Romney is the worst of the assholes.
RT : Follow and Visit www.powerhouseorlando.com for event updates, pictures & videos!!!
Thanks for the shoutout! :) RT This is a random tweet. You guys should follow my cousin,
Yeah thats Right, keep it moving, i'll hit a old lady lol
haha austin got
Deborah, thanks so much!
Holla at the puerto. When we all goin out again?
Yes, there are a lot of chapters in that area. The important thing is that you're active and financial somewhere.
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin
ha, good point. Just unfortunate timing.
Best news ever. So Im definitely getting a new car before the end of fall semester. Aye can't wait to say good bye to my chevy
Game 2, ready to go. Even if Beckett had his thumb checked out by two more specialists... who cares???? Go get 'em Josh!
congrats on your sobriety. Our mission for Newark school kids should be of interest. www.drugfreehomefoundation.org
Coo! Thanks!
Mr Boehner, no matter how hard you stare, you are not Lord Vader & u cannot choke the prez from across the room :)
See you soon then!
Pizza Rolls w. Hot Sauce & Ranch (:
Every day, without fail, my iPad/iPhone remind me I am nothing but a greasy pile of meat.
will do ;)
New music is commin faster then u think...better tie down ur wigs ppl cuz shits finna get flipped monkey style on dat ass! -K/D
Coming up soon: "RADIO REMIX" from 12-1
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slices. Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
I just wanna lay in bed all day
I actually can't interview them this time. Not enough time. But the next time I get the chance I will! :)
Get ready to hear from us Dallas!
have fun in cville - I'll be there next weekend. :) Friday night = date night.
No Meetings Tonight ... : ) .. but the next 4 days are packed with them -- Making this business run is no joke ! success is all i know
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! LUV U;-)
have faith, stick to the plan...
haha thanks im gonna upload a music video on saturday! :)
I guess I do too, but 162 games is too long to suffer for a draft position given unpredictability of baseball draftees.
exact same here
No one cares u fat whore
I just got it. U were saying he can't win big games...I thought u were thinking he'd won a big game. Sorry, my bad...Chi Chi out!
No one ever seems to bring up the obvious post-divorce-from-Ben devastation and loneliness subtext of that Siri commercial.
The best salt for your health is natural and unrefined, not heavily processed (which is the type used in most processed foods).
We also support maps created on Google Maps.
She said, "I thought u were a role model?" I replied "Yes, I model rolls. I work for Philsbury."
Slight hiccup. Fresno film is close.
i seriously thought slapping it would work, i screamed like a little bitch:p
LUCKY YOU!! YOUR LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!
In other news, beauty sleep time. Goodnight, Chicago Bulls. Goodnight Atlanta. Goodnight, Ned.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred - Barbara de Angelis
A:4 We must accept that change is a constant force of growth. It is our choice to be positive or negative.
Somebody, please tell Sec. Clinton to go inside and not come out until she has a new haircut. My gosh, that's frightening.
I wouldn't mind (: you have such an awesome dad :P
Thanks boo! :)
wow thankyou :) sub to me and ill sub back yeah? inbox me on youtube :)))))
#clioF11: you should be forever asking: where's the grid?
Happy Valentine's Day, Microfilm Lovers!
There's this, maybe a delay. Just wanted to check. RT : Embed button appears on vids that are a couple days old.
Happy Veterans day from Spa ME. Our Veterans are so special!
I'm @ #NCAA women's match: MD vs. USNA. Pretty fun to watch.
Wld takin a shot b4 my photoshoot b considered drinkin on the job??
Great thanks to the Denver Sports media -- great coverage of the NFL Draft. Now get some sleep!
I shall see you soon!!
:o the world may never know.
Happy Birthday to the man!! Bleed Black! #TBLO#
in contrast, Harkes makes it sound ridiculously hard.
Girls night out
Hey , thx for adding new flights to your #Lauderdale 2 DC and LGA routes. Smart move!
And if you don't know if you have enough $ for a full buggy, going back & forth taking stuff off...omg. Sometimes I just pay the diff.
Tomorrow, will be hosted inside Studios. Follow the conversation with
Give me the luxuries in life and I will gladly give up the necessities. ~FLW
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :) 12
What the fuck O.O
I know, love the cheese. Thinking about pre-lunch run, so that we can eat cheese + brat. interested too.
Time to start the afternoon walk early. Still no entry into the Ala Moana Building.
Happy Bostob marathon day!!
at the CIO roundtable. kudos to Theresa Rowe work for her good work with the CIO Listserv
Anybody else feel like you're listening to Wait (Whisper Song) by the Ying Yang Twins at the beginning of J. Bieber's new song Boyfriend?
What do you look forward to the most during Balloon Fiesta?
Oh when is it?
Follow me maybe? (;
I love the Salvatore brothers equally, but I have way more Damon friends then I do Stefan ones. And I've role played Damon several times,
I think it's horrible Vinnie Politan of CNN laughing about a possible Casey Anthony movie deal, that child is being murdered all over again!
Hide your sons and Hubbies! “: Confirmed cougar sighting near Crandon, Wi”
And the #Padres game ends as the #Seau memorial starts.
@ FarmAid Even though I am just a Pug, even I know the answer to that..YES!!!
U amazing could u follow me
sounds really nice from their homepage. how does it work for ppl with health insurance from work?
come upstairs when you get back!!
follow me back? (:
There isn't enough time in a day!!!!
I didnt get nothing bro whats gud doee": I jus hit u up on the books"
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
There's a line drawn in the sand, I'm working up the will to cross it and I hope that I will never let you down
I'll ask you this if JoeMauer get 8*23M then what is Prince worth the same/more/less? they DO have 2yrs to figure this out?
My mom's having a full on dither spaz on the freak out scale.
How many top ten teams do you have to beat to break 15? 12.5% of top ten losses (ESPN poll) to UW...
I wish they would last longer!!! :)
baseball is...having your dad pick you up from school to go watch the game.
Jets are a 3 point vegas underdog vs. Colts
Actually this show sucks
Tired, just want my bed and a cup of tea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I wish Chara would have shown Chimera how tough he is.
Bad bitch in her cha-chas , grabbing on her chi-chis
You don't have to rub her lactose intolerance in my face!
#questionsthatanswerthemselves RT why does spotify screw me over whenever i want to listen to lady gaga
heard that you are coming to Seattle! have a nice comfy aerobed that you can crash on for a few days :)
It's easier being rich ,not hungry ,cars work,medical in place,warm-cool,got gas,job,respect Much,Much better than being poor. UNRAVEl
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
Those don't come with it, with all the added Jim thinks is comes to around $13K.
Is anyone working with a co-writer? How did you find them? Have your songs improved since finding them?
It's a beautiful friday morning, hope your all making the most of it!
All I do is play guitar...
That does hurt bad!
San Antonio: T-storms between 1-4pm, few with hail and strong winds.
what do you mean? I told him I would be there. 8pm reservations at the Applebees on Main Street in Naples.
Seguin is as Seguin does. #Bruins #Caps tied.
Wrote till late last night. Woke up with face on keyboard. Little impressions on my cheek from the keys. Wear it proudly baby!
How bad is Clint Barmes at the plate? No need to answer
Hey , let me know if you're looking at getting Wetopia onto mobile! Your game looks fantastic, great admiration for you!
CARS Pick of the week: Public Art Party: Beverly Hills and Renegade Craft Fair LA. To receive CARS Pick emails, email
Coming up on Fox @ 9 we're talking to both sides of a police bust that got an officer shot... and the splain'n Marina is going about our WX
SMART tech just released 10.7 for the SMART Board Yeah!!1
how old will I be when I die? Do I turn out alright?
Busy day ! Get glamorized with me!
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (chandanweb)?
Helen Tibbo attributed "make it work" to someone other than Tim Gunn - sacrilege!
The rumors are true. I do moonlight as a cat.
Tonight I will be making 's Chicken with Balsamic BBQ Sauce! This is going to be good!
"Tom's eyes turn from one to the other. A stupid smile plays about his loose lips."- THE PERSONAL EQUATION
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
My sister is snoring....lmao!
I'll be playing with at Carinos next to Fayette Mall 7-10 tonight. Stop by and see us-BH
I def will :)
but you're right and it gets bound up in feeling like they themselves are being rendered obsolete and that's not true at all!
Beyond sage and wise words which we need to be reminded of often. It's good to have you back!
Good food in the Amazon Grill
Thanks so much, Frank for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Hope you had a great weekend!!
<--- NOT FROM CHARLOTTE.
Learn about the Sea Stars & the Sevengill Sharks that inhabit the bay, as we tour the Aquarium of the Bay this Saturday (12/5/09) at 5:30pm.
Degree Verification for the Spring 2012 semester will be available after June 18, 2012.
That was the fastest hour of my life, it almost went by like it was one minute
Last working day before the New Year. I'm sure this one is going to be productive ;)
I'm a Crazy Bitch, but don't really care, 'cuz I love be myself c:
If I ever get a really small dog, I'm going to name it Cooper (mini)...right before I shoot myself...
I been working hard
clean & friendly. only bitchy person i met when i was there was a waitress at a cafe. but i think she was an american...
Visit our new website www.LuxeCourtier.com
didn't expect the flavors to mingle as they did. The Sweet, sharp onions, sour pickles... It was different. Worth a try…
Be ready for a lot of box steps and skipping!
thanks for the mention! Happy Friday :-)
omfg I know D;
Am I the only one that finds it odd that we live in a world where Greg Anthony is a spokesman for a major appliance company?
Joshua Ballentine aka 'm glad you finally settled on a twitter name!
AH RO YOU'RE SO CUTE AH
Tim Cook takes to the stage today for #Apple. Must be okay since $APPL managed to climb a little in the market today.
Go and try to tear me down, I will rising from the ground like a skyscraper, I love that song
Truth for me as well, Patty. Lessons learned from errors and correcting them helps me be a better individual.
I have a cut on my finger. I don't know where I got it, but it burns.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well used brings a happy death.
Foster the People remind me a bit of the Wonders.
where are you planning on going?
Aw. That made me laugh just now!!! Miss you!
Heyy my Followers Its Official I Got A Boyfriend <33
I am so full of ideas and still on Mountain Time... Will I ever fall asleep? ;) #ASTD2012 was truly awesome!
how in the flyin flippin fuck am i gonna yell at you when im TYPING!?
I can't go a day without someone making up something about me.
i really haven't gotten off the couch all day...
don't you know we have the worlds famous San Diego zoo come check it out sometime
": so wen can I get my shorts back? Lol" haha sounds all bad
What do you think of my collection of boob pictures and videos?
No matter how stressful or horrible the previous day was it still feels great to wake up to a brand new day.
S/O 2 THE REAL FREEWAY RICK ROSS WE W/CHA!!!! FUCK THE FAKIN' & THE POLICE!!!! HIP HOP COP ASS NIGGA!!!! LMAO STAY OFF HIS DICK!!!!
50 killed it with Dre and Snoop
sometimes, i just want to disappear and see if anyone would miss me #TSS :')
what you mean ?!
Who's excited to watch the Lobos play Missouri St. in Basketball tomorrow? What is your score prediction?
Phone lines are now open. Be the first tonight to call in to 317-736-0950 and share your thoughts about the last week.
As a member of the white community I can assure you there is no white racist code language.
Happy Valentine's Day! No better place than Chi-Cha to cheers your main squeeze
now see who will follow me.
My flight attendant was being verbally abused by an a-hole passenger during takeoff. I jumped in to help her shut him up.
i'm happier now :)
A wonderful family with 3 kids came all the way from from Kohler, WI this week to serve the meal. Thank you for your support.
mines weighs 7
Cool! Mike can i put em on Da Brew?
I wanna be like doee<U+270C>
First day of 2nd Semester. Leggo
welcome to the family lol
My tummy keeps rumbling -_-
Tired af.. Shower then callin it a night!!
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know
agreed, but I don't sit alone in black and white rooms.
Sexy boys work and ride for
It's rare bc t-storms require the rapid, upward movement of warm/moist air and those conditions occur rarely when snow is actually possible
Going out on the lake tommorrow gonna be fun
If you host a lunch activity I'll work out of just around the corner and make a day of it!
Am I an angel, or am I demon, but shit I don't know me, so I can't judge me.
FRIDAY. Thanks!
Taking dog to get his shots
Watchin Saturday Night Fever! :)
most likely a TShirt Bordello TShirt!! :-)
you should see some reactions when people's article ms. gets rejected...
maybe its because im home alone& bored.
Given their record, safe to say Memphis coaches didn't know what the hell period.
U a simple hoe u a u a simple hoe
#DontWifeThatChickIf she don't work out
Ppl wearing long sleeves slowly convince me that I'm crazy!
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. ~Walt Disney
#Clippers F Blake Griffin not planning on defending slam dunk title during All-Star weekend.
Saddest Desperate Housewives ever! Mike dying breaks my heart :(
Hall & Oats just said bitch us your blood boiling and are your fake boobs gonna explode?
The smell of raw hamburger makes me hungry.
Cocky Dudes Is To Much Just To Let Yall Know Yall Aint All That Cute Sit Df Down Somewhere Bro. -_____________- Smh.
just in case i sleep through it...
Now! Now! Now! Now!
Will check it out, thanks for the link!!
thanks. We'll inquire.
RT : I love sex!
Sunny in Seattle! #sorryboutit rainclouds, some people on my campus really need a tan. :P
Summer romance? Yeah, I'm down!;)
Patiently waiting for The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
So I can write quench my thirst
One step closer!
Fuxk the heat
Can RGIII fill in as closer until Storen is back?
RT : Thanks for coming to the Q&A cele-bray-she-own! // Of course! I'm always in for a good mid-day festival of awesomeness.
Missed last weekends Antique show and need a place to stay in the Spring. We are conveniently located 5 minutes away just across the river.
Words on my mind time to write a rhyme.
haha, I don't know that will truly make your argument more convincing, but YES! Someday we have to meet up at SXSW or NTC
ARCHIVIST FILMMAKER HULK
DONE! 5,036 words, under the deadline, and out from my sick bed to do it!!
True. He wouldn't hurt him, though.
why should there be a compromise? Paying your fair share is the compromise
please follow me <U+263A> I am your great fan<U+263B>
Hey gorgeous how u doin? :)
happy post turkey, everyone!
One Minnesota team down, one to go. Good job Bucky.
Yep my baby brother is 18?!?! Ah!!!! HAPPY BIRFFFDAYYYYYY!!!! Xoxoxoxo!!! Love you!!!
Have a Product Launch? will provide the exposure you need! We produce speciality events to cater to your needs DM us for info
People who talk really slow<<<<
FINE. I'll shut up.
Good for Jeff. Hope he stays healthy and has been doing his exercises.
After watching "Never Say Never" I must say...I have soo much respect for :)
The people in my creative writing class said that the only thing wrong with my story was that they didn't want it to end ;D
I went shopping with mom, and made cake pops with niece today. The holidays = quality time with the fam. Love it. Happy Thanksgiving!
<-Loves when the date has all ones! 10/11/11
Yooo! You're a hard working dude! I respect that!
Gotta run your credit just to bring my name up
Just like another #friend "in his career he has 4 HRs on the last Monday of April when it's not raining and the temp is +52 degrees"
#gslisui class '09: web services coordinator
Thanks for your interest. We have every intention of expanding so hopefully we will be in Italy before too long!
May you rest in peace Sen. Robert C. Byrd. Thank you for your outstanding service to our beloved state of West Virginia.
So it's only 3 and my phones already going dead lol sweet
I hate thinkin too much . . .
I just passed I don't care, and now I'm about to make a right into I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
Roses are red. Nuts are round. Skirts go up. Panties go down. Belly to belly. Skin to skin. When it's stiff, stick it in ;)
RT : first person to bring three large coffees to Diverseworks for tech gets a free ticket to the show!
is my hero! Skating across the US for Spare a dollar, or two, or three for
“: Pillow of Winds: No. 3 Gin, lemon juice, sage-infused ginger syrup, egg whites” night cap
Keeping me busy today!
If I'm following you and u not following me back im bout to unfollow u NOW
DynosaurCreative is too many characters for Twitter . . . got any suggestions?
" "Cano is late on pitches he usually hit to LF...will be back to Cano we all know soon" ...<They all will...lets ride it out!
I would recommend #ModernFamily. I don't know if you're into biker gangs or pot smoking Elijah Wood.
u.u ! Thx, you helped me 'cuz my spanish teacher is some calm, and sometimes I don't understand! :P muy divertido!
Westminster Presbyterian Church's #babycontest last evening was uproarious and the babies adorable.
A queen's nightmare: Harassment, discrimination, double standards, you name it. Cannot wait to tell you details!
wish Kristen's hair was up. love the dress!
I think I'll leave Leon alone for the night :)
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't kid yourself! Everyone has their shots retouched...it's about making a great shot even better!
I want freedom for the full expression of my personality. Mahatma Gandhi (1869 - 1948)
I got my permit! :D
Was in Barolo country last year!
that could be good or bad...hope its good...like with cheese n stuff
lil bit of the same.
Z that's my girlfriend *omarion voice*
Busy day at work
Over the CBA 10 year term for funding of thousands of guys education. Man Kyle...
How was AC? Did you guys ever link up?
Spring Break is finally here....rain finally stopped....the fun starts here and now...Zuma Fun Center is open today from 10am to 8pm.
Work. Errands. More work but outside. Now relax.
send Santa my way, would ya?!
Dems knocked on 234k doors and WAW must be at least 150k..over 400k total but only about 20% home. Time to make last push!
The hardware store over on Monroe Ave., across from the Y, is good for keys and many other things.
RT : Steve is the best. RT : thanks much - great :)) - Just learned from today
My brother hasn't pitched this bad in 3 years.......
LMAO RT : Facebook needs to add a "Still banging my ex" as a relationship status option.
Happy Star Wars Day!
Psh. I'd work him so good he'd call me. Lulz.
Planned Parenthood received "290,000 posts on Facebook/Twitter from Jan. 31st - Feb. 6th" regarding Komen Foundation (WOW)
Had a great evening service, now on a date with my bride.
Making chicken & cheddar Bacon cheese fries:)
Going for a bikeride w/ my husband to recharge. If you feel your energy lagging, move! Amazing how activity produces energy!
ok I got you whit cause you really want your finger shot lol I'll bring you a better one
very true...
Like free music? The Piano Showcase featuring Stritch Piano Performance majors is at 7 p.m. tonight in the Nancy Kendall Theater. It's free!
I wish you would understand how much you mean to me...
Cheffing it up!!!!
im writing my freashmen paper on you and your life. I hope one day somone can dothat about me! #NSN!
follow back? very excited for the video!
We are in 8th grade & it's time to mature. If you still like a guy for his looks, good luck finding a good bf.
things are great, brent.. know anybody making the trip north tomorrow?
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this<U+E00D><U+E420><U+E012><U+E41E><U+E402>
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” Happy Bday dear Dr. Seuss
"The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you." Redesign Thursday! Bring it! Voodoo
- done and done <U+2665>
John Raese, running for Senate as a Republican in West Virginia, equated a smoking ban with Hitler forcing Jews to wear the Star of David.
twitter poll: who does the best custom tshirt printing online? cafepress? spreadshirt? customink? help!
Mattie!!! Glad to see you around the twitterverse! Thanks for following. Hope to see you in the WB area soon!
Too much cuteness. I love my clients kids
I have enjoyed watching the playoffs but I am having a hard time rooting for anybody. Any suggestions???
Stop crying and get back to work.
Stretching before running warms up your muscles, increases blood flow and helps avoid injuries.
CHALLENGE! During the season of love, we want to hear what you love most about Fit2Go. Our favorite post will win a box of Cao...
You did leave, didn't you?
Study time with >>>
Watching da all star game how are all of yall doing
check out #illustrations. You'll love his work.
google "Let it snow" using chrome or firefox for a nice surprise!
I hear u. I like new, but I don't need another lame social media blah blah blah.
Haha way to think ahead! not!
denied Delofted media credentials to US Open, b/c we don't cover enough golf news. How old fashioned! Get with the next gen!
knows how important cities are for our economy and society. helps cities connect globally, thrive locally
Good ones.
awww thats cute and different... and i live in atlanta... just a state away... lolz
Hard work pays off
Aw, thanks for mentioning us. We'll surely miss you too.....
Anyone work for San Mateo County library? Your drupal site is down.
Tragedy Called Truth at Caffe Cottage tonight!
Lunch or coffee Jan 7? Alternate times/dates more than welcome; Just working on getting something out there. ( :
That would be fantastic
I KEEP GETTING DISTRACTED!!!! D:
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
Its still Celtics on mine we will sweep these # bums
I got nothing.
where is Attila fighting tonight? THanks!
La Guerta still sucks.
It may not be interesting basketball, but it's still basketball.
+1 RT #GoMobile "You do not have to have a mobile-optimized site to advertise in mobile. Use mobile landing page. Brilliant.
This is the longest short week EVER.
Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse 'I love you'. Never let your prayin' knees get lazy, and love like crazy.
Had a delicious today, Going to be a good day!
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet. ~ Ben Jonson
Call officials screw up a lot. Dude is under the rim and draws an over the back.
More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
aight I'll let him know
if gas is 3.50 at the pump, i'm willing to pay it if it means there's a shot at democracy in egypt
ah this sh!t is surreal
RT : In front of the pic of Salt n Pepa, overheard two people wondering who 3rd woman was, bc "there are only two of them!"
Q: Best movie of 2011?
Hoping the peeps are prepped for class. Discussing the heavy Union/NLRA/Sec 7's & 8's tonight. Now I know how Dr. feels at times.
vitamin P
i agree. i picked him up he saved my team
#BlackFriday Only: 1st month membership inside Poynter's Iron Pit Gym: $12.00. No contracts/ no enroll..Fees + 25% off All Supplements
I ain't called or texted my to check on her
that's why I say.."hm idkkkkk" *smiles* & *runs*
Can't sleep... Someone sing me a lullaby
I so can't wait for chicago bears training camp. I'm so excited!!!!!
RT if you wish you could be Romo , snuggle up with aus10 every night get kisses from him all the time. sit on his lap and get stroked by him
My cat has decided she likes to be cleansed with warm washcloths. This now makes me her butler.
you're named after Sam I Am right?
The Raven was an ok movie but not great & The Cabin in the Woods had a shocking cameo but not my kind of movie but great for it's genre
The size of 's ass in the 'Starships' video is not real life. She's just great.
IM THE FACE OF MY COMPANY!
320 off NFL rosters so far...only another 864 to go by Saturday. This last preseason game means a lot to those guys on bubble.
I love watching House Hunters.
Try one of our Kremey or Fruity Krispy Kreme Chillers - one of many that complement a delicious doughnut!
NICE! Gonna be a packed house
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK I need more followers!!!! :-)
What else are we up to? We're hosting a screening HACR's "Insider Game" documentary on Dec. 8th at Time Warner in NYC. Rsvp info to follow.
IF I was having a child in the near future ... I'd make sure it's initials were MKG!!
all you talk about is soccer lol
PR'd the SHIT out of that 5k!!!
Man, no one is on twitter at 8am
sings in the shower..& squeals when says "I heard youre looking for a gentleman..is it cool if hes Australian?"
Thank you to everyone who came out to our new client orientation tonight.
Fun night, met some new people. But now its time for bed (:
I know, me too. What excites me the most is the effect it has on my teens-moods, behavior, focus, athletics, body comp.
instead of hunting ducks :)
We received our Silver Anvil trophies today! Unfortunately, one was broken.
Safe travels and Happy New Year! RT : Chillin for a bit then off to the cabin!
oh Saturday killer, "can you work tomorrow Amanda?"
#HU16! Almost there till we together. DM me y'all numbers
who is excited for 's Galaxy #nexus?
wootwoot! So happy you enjoyed it. Thank you!
Thanks for the shout out and RT! Seems we are on the same page! Here's to your success!
- Tyler Anderson <3
On a plane built in October 2011 - Even has that new plane smell.
No worries. Thanks for the reply. I may have to break down and get the kindle version. :)
fasho, send it to me if I like it ill sponsor it
check out Download the Everything Else Other Files | Playstation network code $50 ( PSN us only )
Clearly the most random thing in the universe is where a house cat chooses to nap.
Know who looks #BetterInBlack ? Shadowhunters do!(:
The are 1-0-1 in spring training now. Go Crew!
Great to see and today. and I love making you girls food.
KORACH IS BACK?! HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?!
If only we are stepping in the right places, it is just a matter of time that we will find ourselves in our destine place. Moken Nunga
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Stop. I can barely take it. Can't wait. My whole day is scheduled around your shows see earlier Tweets.
Who are those fucktards?
I guess the only thing left to do is take a step back.
The place that previously did my laundry closed, so now I have to walk 20 feet further and give my laundry to someone else
lol I love it. It's very easy.
haha fine, but dont tell anyone cuz if everyone asks i wont have enough songs ha
Hi - Welcome to the Hive (Mentality).
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Argo Tea Cafe - Tea Room (live updates)
The one thing that can hurt the most when I'm sad, is faking a smile.
You shut up!
I'm federwmd
cant believe that there are parades and celebrations of someones death
I heart Scotty
Still trying to shuffle everybody over to the current account. Thanks
World #Prematurity Day--remembering the little angels and honoring the survivors. 11/17/11
Just had a wide ranging and insightful face to face convo with
I think it's funny that, regardless of who wins NYR/WSH, the Devils will be the most offensively exciting team left in the playoffs
is this you from over there?
Stop by if you're inclined. Brooklyn summer ale and way less crowded than tap.
im going to slap you so hard tomorrow!
wow, you're a natural. you should be a private investigator. :) then, I can have you look up all of my ex-boyfriends one day ;)
Learned more about the Reading Musical Foundation over lunch. Apparently Band Camp is different than reported.
ooh, looks like it's NOT going to rain this evning!
road-Fuji, mtn-Scott. My gf has a new Specialized racer that I covet. Not familiar with Look
I would really like to meet someone who thinks it's ok to text during a play. I honestly want to know what your thoughts are.
Gonna be moving soon:(
Now for something completely different: "shared bib clean-up." *rolls up sleeves, pops knuckles, & logs into the catalog*
Going to the SustainIndy Awards luncheon today. Congrats to the finalists!
Omg only 3 more weeks of school left! Summer 2012 and senior year are almost here!
RT : tonight with , Thursdays are great make sure to stop also open bar early.!!!
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
#ForeverFly RT : S/O to for the shirts footworkingz rocked on windy city live today!!!
How do you market, how do you repackage, how do you find the niche?
In Objectivity in SocialScience Weber noted we're all biased. Honestly acknowledge/account for it & we'll b fine
Nice! Sounds exciting! Everything is all good over here ;)
#mmauncensored Your show SUCKS!
Good day today playing some soccer!
A2 Use scorecards. How can you identify cause-&-effect metrics?
John Harrigan~ People need loving the most when they deserve it the least.
Thank u.
Finally made my twitter :D time to follow some ppl
Sounds fantastic! Happy Mother's Day!
Speak up to set the record straight, but give your fans a chance to do so first
Today's the day! Join us at the for our grand opening from 6-9 and then for our after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10:30!! Woo!
RT : Congratulations, , on your journey! You're right, it's the people (like you) who make it worth it.
he'd only need 4 more to tie Nolan Ryan if he gets it RT : Justin Verlander tryna make it 3 no hitters on his career
It's something we've thought about, for sure.
omg im so sleepy.
cut the b ' s LORR BRANDY
hahaha will do! Is it on netflix?
Have been entering the sweepstake everyday like a loyal fansie
and probably not the best tasting...
Waddup up doe !!
Thanks to all my tweeps for the birthday wishes, since I am in Alaska I still have 4 more hours to party woohoo!
You know on at least some level Condi Rice is bummed.
Mahalo to all of our followers! Mahalo to those of you who joined Island Connex! Support Polynesian small businesse! Join
Mahomies , do any of you live in London , UK ? or anywhere near it ..?
No Its Okay Finish Your Story I Always Yawn When Im Interested
Learning how to give and receive homework on cell phones, who would have guessed.
<3 This! RT : This week I taught 3 fourth graders how to use mentormob at home. Both kids & parents were all so engaged!
They take students if there's space not until they run out of it.
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue? *crickets* sushi? *crickets* hooters? 4 "I'm in" Again, I need more chick friends.
Hey ! Interview us about the Zombie Crawl! (voted Westwords Best Free Event)
lucky that we r losing plyrs, but packers will b SB champs! If not, I'll make a donation to the charity of ur choice
Strong coffee + scripts galore. Reading, working, envisioning. This time next year... well, you'll just see. ;) Happy Friday, y'all!
Follow on twitter to track the adventures of Captain Freedom tomorrow on the mall between 5-6PM
lol what is that?
ya ik i typed it in and i didnt get any results
Thank you very much ;) I can't take it any longer haha, sweet dreams love! xoxo <U+2665>
Asking the stupidest questions, and getting the dumbest answers.
She need her arse whoop bad, and that will slow her down. : that's the exact same thing my grandmother said,lol"
thank you!
Ive said it all along....dope defense...efficient offense...play through the bigs....that's the identity
Got a good 4.5 mile run in this morning.
": if you stay in Las Vegas don't miss out on this event May 27th me & my bro's Cali Swag performing at the Cashman Center"
RT : Great initiative to bring more tech talent to NYC. We're glad to support the NYC Turing Fellows!
Over the highway and thru the wood to Auntie 's house I go. :)
Thanks for all your support Jess!
Drowning n my tears.
that last tweet seemed funnier in my head than it looked typed out.
sandless sandbags-Use for movie props.. 50 bags weigh 40lbs..Lightweight to carry to the set. hose down and bags will inflate. green product
growing up i lived at the bottom of a cul de sac! had to train myself to power up that hill on my bike - actually got good at it.
finishing this beer and sleep.
Which is the best nominated film this year? #Oscars 2012 Only saw one of them so far...
Hopefully this song doesn't suck...spent so much time on this e_e
hey :) thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
lazy afternoon with my favorites ... loving life! ps CAPS
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one.
RT : TODAY at 3:20 p.m. ET: Analyst Sam Panella will provide her take on Black Friday and Cyber Monday on CNBC's Closing Bell.
aw haha hows that event going?
#doomtown is the whole message.
Almost at 100 fans
Someone tweet me im bored D:
You know we have the perfect valentines day gift in our webstore right? This year getting laid is only one tshirt away..
:/ *sigh* I feel you. Breathe deeply.....I hope you get off the ground soon!
Excited about upcoming
Heard this morning that I did right by Klal Yisrael, which is all the praise I need for a day like today.
My pleasure, Greg!
I thought #realestate was supposed to be fun - four meetings tonight after work. Talk about a crazy monday.
i haven't watched and football news since...you know. is Gronk gonna play sunday?
After party.... Magnus so cool blanco
I cant handle this, tell me please (:
Are there others?
I'm tripping
National Archives Canada Days 1 and 2 complete. Phew! Lotsa stuff to look through but it sure is interesting!
Meanwhile, the #Marlins fall behind the Mets. What else is new
RT Good News, my foot has healed and I can jog again. Bad News is my foot has healed and I can jog again. <<<Love the logic, lol
honors the victims of Sept. 11, 2001, and those that rose in service that day. We will always remember.
ringringgg Hi Anabel! thanks for the follow!!! Talk soon!! xxxoo
Pancakes covered in Nutella.
I. Need. More. Sleep.
Off to the mall.
Bong bong <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
Any occasion, Dove Express can provide a beautiful alternative to your celebration with our dove releases!
omg me too <U+2639>
Bahaha. And damn. I'll cry of I miss them cause I'll be away all summer :-/
I'm just playing. I look forward to the opportunity of winning some cards. My moment would have been Maz's HR in 60' series.
S/O to for being here for me since middle school, even through all the bullshit! Love ya !
Ricky Gervais must buy his body girdle off the rack at Shatner's thrift store.
Jamming To My Music.
omg you finally dropped tht load... I thought you wasn't due till june..
i will not say goodbye cause i care for you, <3
- My scars will fade, my wounds will heal . but the truth is I'll never forget how you made me feel </3
...and his sister #SharingIssues lol : Maybe it was HIS cake? lol
RT : There's a music revival coming I tell you. It's coming! stay tuned...
I wish I was rich enough I didn't have to wash clothes. I'd just buy new shit.
Or Florida. I do have letter for Lax for a school in Tampa. That'd be nice
Get your Sunday football fix at The Queen Vic. Cold beer and a Sunday roast. Can't ask for anything more.
Have a great New Years KB! See ya at Citi
I will but I'm on following limit I will follow u as soon as I can ok? :)
at Ralphs trying to get healthy food...but I hate veggies so Im at a lost!
NBA! #FanNight my dad said "nice glasses Webb like the look<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>" DC13
Umm not all flowers! Lol Everything except Roses! Lolz #Weird I think at the moment it's just cause of the weather changing! :)
What is less cool, bumper stickers or or hipster license plates? Hard to say
ith you and won’t need to be chased"
Nothing like an early morning cab ride with Christian soft rock turned up to eleven.
Launching in Broward and North Carolina!
And by ' girls' I mean me
If you have never seen the GoGo's in concert... Do it!!!! AMAZING!!
Dear Hayley, I HAVE A SISTER/FRIEND WHO HAS YOUR NAME(: you read my fanfic too right? We should talk more.(: Love, Tatsiana
very nice! Enjoy!
Chicken Enchiladas are on the menu tonight! Served up with spanish rice and refried beans! your taste buds will love you!
The Clash "London Calling"
Ah another work week.
i love seeing juicy ass tittys dam look at them
After all this unseasonably warm weather in Indy, I almost froze my tail off walking the dogs tonight.
Gym Bound in the AM ; Goodnight Tweetie Birds :-) :-) :-)
I am overwhelmed by all these revelations/character witnesses/anonymous witnesses in the #trayvonmartin case. We need a trial.
Have a great weekend everyone!
youll be alright.....
i hate when I get motivated at night but when morning comes..its like...fuck dat shit
Finished tracking the album!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
I think 's trying to kill me. Seriously. Look at his eyes.. am I the only one drowning in them?
welcome to twitter!! : D
Steel cut oats and #romandie? Don't mind if I do.
I sure will!
Watching Tucker & Dale vs Evil. Haven't laughed this much in a long time.
& i wanna go out tonight !!!!!
Lush Puppy fully supports my lazy Sunday goals. Not sure when (if?) we'll get out of bed. Bliss. :)
Mourning my Zags loss with a belly full of seafood, no dessert & Bored to Death
Dont u wish tht u could send vinny fan mail an then he sent u one back saying i really wanna get to know u and asked letme get ur numbee lol
My pleasure Beth. Thx for the mention. Do tweet Ask Diane questions to
I find myself changing the channel whenever it's tuned to MSNBC or FOX News b/c I feel like watching it is just encouraging them.
80+ Sunday in Vegas…and Im inside watching Thor cuz said if I wanna see Avengers tn with the big boys I had to do my homework
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo its easier to tell a lie then the truth trust no one
AUSTIN MEXIXAN MAHOMIES NEED YOU PLEASE CAN TO MEXICO <3
tweet often, need updates - sitting on the SD tarmac waiting...
Happy Birthday! I hope you had an amazing day!
Really Broncos really? Oh well at least we got this far...
no, you're so amazing!
MARK YOUR CALENDARS: WV Young Democrats Capitol City Fundraiser on Feb. 14th (Location TBA) and WVYD Day at the Legislature on Feb. 15th!
PERFORMANCE ETIQUETTE: Dick move to tell your friends to leave after your 1 part of a 3 part show
Which church?
this ZIMA is for you!
Only a few hours left to get NCAA balls $73 off. Check out our page to get the code!
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by each experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
I still can't find your new album on #itunes. What gives?
A deer head in your modern style condo would be quite the statement. I can respect that! :)
Amen brother!
i know! Roxy has come a long way since season 1
Galatians 4:16 NLT Have I now become your enemy because I am telling you the truth?
Good Morning Tiff, thanks for the follow ;-)
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
But if you don't win you can always use our website. It will save you time and help you get the scholarship money easier.
Shoutout To Our New Followers - Thank You
Learning about online STEM labs at #sloancres.Student benefits include having their "real" data discussed in online forums.
We knew sylina was high for the first time,when she asked if anyone else heard the police sirens. LMAO
great man heading to the mountains for the weekend hbu?
It's only 10:30? Holy HELL this is going to be a long day.
Waiting to get into the band room. Got a new hair cut
Leadership is knowing the difference between giving tough feedback with compassion and softening it so much that you're lying.
How have we just discovered ??? What an amazing site!
minute clinic was closed. lame. but i def have no plans for tonight
I think everybody ought to get prosperous and famous and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Lol I like the beginning <3
Destroy and Rebuild until god shows
You are the bride of God, His fiancee. Based on how you treat Him do you think He should marry you?
For as UGLY as Steelers have been all year if Denver backs into the playoffs as the 4 seed we may witness the worst playoff game of all time
With two kids from Portland on the squad, I have to pull for Kentucky in this one!
Nighty night twitter
Today is glorious day!!!
RT : RT : When spider webs combine - they can tie up a lion
I Might Be A Very Dedicated Directioner But I Will ALWAYS ! Stay ICONic Blue . Its Already In My Blood .
I'm back on my game!!!!
I think it's pretty common. Every club I played for was all girls. But that was years ago so who knows!
Its better to call your own shot then to let someone else call it for you......
Heading in now ...
how are you this morning
I turn myself on
Oh, we are there now. She's 5. She regresses to Caillou occasionally
nope no iphone, though im planning to get an android phone very shortly :)
Ty Mark for the follow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Also, thanks for connecting on here. :-)
Bikers get ready, next Saturday we are doing another Caring Heart Poker Run! Join us May 21st at Cheers in Kissimee for a great time!
Ready for the immense, unstoppable swarm of Coachella tweets for the next week.
Gay DRAMA RAMAAAAA!!!
Great session on Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran at #edusaforum! Tons if information on how to recruit MENA students.
your the one who started being mean.. All I EVER did was love you.. But you just pushed me away.
I was! i can't help it, i'm super EMO.
relaxing in the lake district today. enjoying summer in the UK and I just may have gotten a sunburn.
People like to hear what I say. That's why I get so many followers lol.
Luna from ID: New focus on growth models in #ESEA is reasonable, both for kids reaching proficiency and those above
oh I didnt mean too put dat!
in her dreams haha
"if tom trims me for the new year i'm going to be pissed."<took your concerns to heart...yikes you're looking, um...unkempt
Dunn is done.
And Max got into his private boat and said "Goodbye" #Maurice Sendak
Breaking news: New iheartonenote.com video will be released at 10am PST on YouTube. Link to follow. Stay tuned!
In honor of password, had an hour long discourse about Jesus conspiracy theories with the housemates.
I mean I'm sure it was all for the good. I'm sure she wasn't tryin to #SmashABruh..just makin sure he stayed in his legacy.
I spray febreeze on ppl that stink on the train...
Thanks! And I will keep that topic you suggested in mind...I need to learn more about it myself before blogging about it. :-)
Thanks Howard, appreciate your time tonight! Look forward to seeing you in Atlanta June 4/5 for some great fan interaction!
RT": Having to swallow your pride is the worst"<--Lions don't seem to mind..
hahaha are you gonna get in on this too?
One of many reasons why I'm unlikely to be POTUS: temptation to order overdetermined scenario for Humber to pitch 27 straight outs vs. USSR.
Know all the words to #SAYSOMETHIN after listening to in 30 times omgg it's AMAZING<3
i love you like a love song baby
consider me for the grand jury implementation commitee?
At the WI .Net User Group meeting at Northwoods Software.
Are you ready to divorce your pain and marry your purpose?
Gary what up!
so, a nice splash of spicy pepper sauce?
thanks pal! see you saturday after next? haven't bought tickets yet but i'll be there.
#YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen Your wash is full of more running attire than "normal people clothes".
WHY THE FUCK IS #WeWontStopHatingSelena TRENDING?! YOU BEACHES!! YOU GUYS ARE SO MEAN. STOP THE DRAMA NOW.
she tell u lolololol
You win some and lose some. That's life
Headed to UNF to watch my oldest, Noah, compete in his 3rd triathlon. So proud of him. A great athlete, but a better young man.
how bout a mention 4 those braving the cold at the #polarplunge for 2day in kenosha & 2morrow in Muskego.
If I didn't know any better, I'd say today was Friday the 13th because this day has been an awful mess!
If my child sits too close to the television, will it damage his/her eyes? The short answer is no, at least, not for long periods of time.
yeah was unbearably hot summer which is why i basically lived on the lake
i'm over it tho .
Did you know: Barry Bonds' 73 home runs are the record for home runs in a team's first 162 games?!
Updating the website tonight to include the confirmed Jazz Masters so far. So excited to have these cats on board!
Got the brothers bathroom updated with removal of old wallpaper, new paint and texture.... who is next? : )
Appropos FakeAPStylebook don't call it Black Friday but "Urban Friday" or better yet for photographers Take pic today
Thanks for the S/O!
Towel city time :)
Pretty pissed at the coopting of ultimate frisbee to make $ in the name of legitimizing the sport. So not what it's about.
Vision without execution is hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
The World's Most Underrated Beverages: Ginger Ale, Cream Soda, Root Beer, Cherokee Red, Fago Red Pop (the strawberry flavor)
If you only try to please everyone else, you will not have time to please the one who matters...YOURSELF!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OPPA^o^ I LOVE YOU!<U+2665>
Congrats to CLT's Meg McElwain, Magnolia Marketing, on being one of 2010 Top Women Business leaders (Charlotte Business Journal)
hope u got your apple bottoms on with the boots with the fur!
If you want a shoutout then you must follow me on my new page
Congrats! Will there be a way to check in on your progress at the fellowship?
Although it's frustrating, I also love it when I'm unable to put into words why I find a particular work of art so appealing.
Our infield is guys younger than me and career minor leaguers. .500 baseball all day, errday
Alright water and Oreos, I'm counting on you to get ne through the night.
around 7 inches
I just downloaded the Team Gleason iPhone app. Sweet!
aight imma hold u to it
this show is mindblowing. Bruce & friends in a 2,700-seat venue. @ sxsw. A true rock 'n' roll moment.
Epic all-nighter workshop.
Welcome! And sure, about the 16th.
Walking with my XL-size, aerodynamic-vented canopy umbrella in a light sprinkle feels a bit of an overkill
Happy 4th of July!
Thanks! Here's to fine wine and good reads.
Missing my ex Miguel
CONGRATS IN THE NEW SPOT CHIEF. HEARD IT WAS MIAMI VICE 2012.
Almost to 800 help me get there?
Just Do It
no go to Camden I'll drive you
hitting the links. raise a can for a good round
Come out to the Fern Park Sam's Club this Saturday, May 28th from 10:00 am- 3:00 pm for a great car show that benefits local kids!
We think so too! Just wait 'till you read her 2nd book this fall :) MT : Guadalupe Garcia McCal () is an amazing writer.
There's a special place in Twitter hell for people who follow you just to get you to follow them back, pad their stats, then unfollow you.
Haha SAME!! RT : Rolling around on the floor.
"Uh.. can I come hide in your house??" -
Ok here we go today is the day! We all put in work and Steff in the building!
Aw You just got us pregnant. RT: Just got done watching Loved it! Try to pry the smile off my face! Can't do it!
Fort collins tomorrow! house party at 1208 stover st, I'll play when the sun goes down
I used to have 2,000 followers. Now I don't even have 200 lol
how do you deal with showing clients proofs from a 3:2 ratio camera if they may want 8x10's
Thanks for the shoutout Nina! Enjoy the show!
RT : Who’s your favorite WordPress web host? --> , but obviously we are a bit bias :-)
Thank you so much! :) They definitely should!
ahaha thanks. Aren't you tired? It's like 2:40 at my house
Nadal's title defense off to rousing start - Arab News
Listened to 1direction this am. Still don't get it.
"nawwww, i only eat things that have parents." #lolwhaaat?
Haruki Murakami,.no one dropped a bomb.We set the stage,committed crime with ourown hands,destroying R lands destroying our own lives."
yes that is truth
sorry hope u can understand what I meant...I'm so shaky that I can't type...:'(
#congresslunch more military opportunity in SD w/ dept of defense new strategy towards Asia. New carrier coming 2 town
Pinning Ceremony for my Nurse grad! Ceremony includes a shout out to Florence Nightingale
Ready for playoff basketball? The Jam open postseason play at home tonight at 7pm PT against the Dakota Wizards
I say 3-1. Wanna bet on it?
thank you chauni :)
.....with names changed to protect the innocent....and the author!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned ypu never let her use the good controller
Hi Stacy, Thanks for the heads up on my account being hacked. i hope we've corrected it. Thanks you
RT : You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life ~ Benjamin Disraeli
"Disneyland will forever be our magical spot because that's where my dream came true.. You." HAHA. So deep. &Ironic how I'm going today!
Yum that sounds amazing! Hummus is definitely my new food addiction
RT : Chewing gum has been proven to improve a person's mood, while decreasing anxiety and stress.
are you in So Cal all weekend? I'll be in Los Angeles Friday night.
": yes sir, party hard" that's too bad I'm on strict regimen...
You may also qualify for help from a home ownership scheme.
& Merry Christmas to you as well.
says Jets GM Tannenbaum will aggressively go after lefty backup QB...Mark Sanchez, Tim Tebow and Kellen Moore?
please follow me!! I am such a huge fan I watch every episode of icarly and I think your gorgeous!! It would make my day!!
aint nobody tryin to get hit with that dude hand ! #Heats vs
goodnight Mahomies, goodnight i love you
good seeing you too! Congrats to your family. If you need anything while you're in town lemme know. Or even drinks/dinner.
Do we have Kanban Master and XP Master certificates? We should have.
“: "The recoil alone from this gun is enough to break a fully grown Chuck Norris" -Ben Verhile”
"All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast." Forgot who said it, but it's true. I'm the happiest man alive. Also broke.
me too!
Hey followers please follow them :) thanks
I hate being grounded from my laptop but I still have my iPod :)
Holy crap
I never imagined reading "Beastie Boys" and "existential" in the same sentence.
-nice to be missed. It was great to see you. See you tomorrow no doubt. Nice jacket :D
Happy #FF Everyone!
I am upset that the jazz in this area in not being supported!
who's seen harry potter? Is it worth seeing?
ya I added the pic to that tweet... Lol
We're playing Cowley's in Farmington this Wednesday at 9:30 until who the crap knows? Don't tell the spoon, but it should be forkin' sweet.
Breakfast for dinner is so hot right now.
Some beats sent brotha
finally get to meet in person Tristan :)
you were the one good memory I have of 2011. Happy and excited to go forward into 2012 with you ;) love u
thanks for the tip lady!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x4
watup babe u gud over there??
The smell of rain <
Four day weekend! Yay!
Come in during happy hour to watch game 1 of the ALCS! Featuring $3 domestic drafts and half priced appetizers!
hey ray who do I follow for good fantasy basketball advice?
thanks for the #FF and spreading the word about
As my sister would say "I'm doing the single digit dance"! 9 days until my wedding!
Justin how do you do all of this touring isn;t it crazy whens the last time you've been to Atlanta?
Great night with <U+E328><U+E328>
Sorry Meloneee I was soo passed out. I got your voice mail though.
Thanks for following Bring Hollywood Home. Check out The Rich and the Reckless my daughter's improv theater hit skylight
Pacers up 48-42 HALF TIME!!!!
So nice out. I might just go lay naked on my lawn..
ugh--glee covering the B-52s is a hundred kinds of wrong...
i miss you girl! how much longer till you get your hair license or do you have it already now?
RT : RT : these new pics u sent me goin START A RIOT
#Nuggets are the worst pro basketball team at boxingout
Its a small step but its a step nevertheless
he's just a typical sleeze bucket coach without hiring her and 20K. Also calling a presser for a huge lie is above and beyond.
I still havent seen Lucky One...
our editor in chief was a recent judge for the Misd India & had a lovely experience. congrats to Neetu Gupta!
; Dear whore, Having sex doesn't mean you're "in love".
sure, just mix it up a bit. Same components, different order, new luck!
Looks like the remake of "Evil Dead" that nobody asked for... mixed with "Scream" and featuring Joss Whedon's(tm) Genre All-Stars!
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
HaHa I know I can't think of it!!!
Aight cool 10"4 if yall ain't drop it by the 1st of next month don't worry about it we gota have everything done by Dec.
I am.
u haven't seen that but don't get me started on Popeyes smh
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW 2
90! How'd you do it. I can't last more than 2 minutes on Fox News
I want to move to Florida. Or San Diego.
Oh Rondo!!!! He could have broken his arm!!! I hope hes ok :(
Guy talk with
People who didn't know who cantor really was. It also doesn't help that until Recently money for dems weren't coming in
war is in the air, rise to the occasion.
": What the hell was that Alex....not cool -_-" Simone I was kidding!
your car is the envy of all of us that have to rent one every time we have more than two errands to run in one day.
It's #samesexsunday and we are just another day closer to the March on Washington!
Robin, you forgot the most obv one!
Thanks for swinging by today! Hope you have a great #4sqday!
looking out :)
Last punch bowl poll for tonight -- 9 outta 10 - want the dashing Lawrence Zarian talking fashion for #OTRC rather than social networking
m so hungry for a big juicy burger right now! lol
that can be any woman not just black women. I think it takes the right man to bring out that side of a woman.
actually I'm headed to Louisville.
Aw. :'( What happened to your shoulder? :/
thanks for tweeting, we wish you could be here!
you didn't invite me?! Wow, you're cool. Lol jkjk, HAPPY BIRTHDAY GUURL! <3 I hope it's amazing. (:
Fujifilm Unveils Aspire CRm Digital Mammography System
Have you written your list and checked it twice to give for Colorado Gives day tomorrow? www.givingfirst.org
My husband has worked for S&C for six years. We're so excited about this weekend's centennial celebration!
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
Team Phillip all the way!!!!!!
TCGD STILL GOING!!! up 3,600%... This is a monster!!! Slap the ask!!!
how u doing doggie?
why are you not following me
welcome to The Big Blue Nation Ryan!! Rodney, hope you're next!! A badass backcourt with you and Ryan..
I hope got home safely?? lol
#DPortNinjas going on tour in 2014
no word on the MVP shoe yet
Nothing like cleaning to the sound of Couldn't get any better!
Omg his dogs name is batman
I most definitely am!!!
you're so cuuuutttteeeeeee.
oh a week of #vacation is coming! back home to Tennessee! then more gummy focus, work has been kicking my ass. :-)
Most wrestlers are! RT haha so far these 'wrestlers' sound more like comic book characters than pro wrestlers.
Thanks for the tweets!
I use to watch Drake & Josh religiously as a youth haha
lol I swear bro..
Okay, I'm out in the open, new avi, real me, im ready
All our bridges burned down.
I love putting pink and red together. Also pink and orange, depending on the particular shades.
I like dick and syrup for breakfast.
Wat I'm going thru it ain't easy AIN'T EASY NO!!!
Lovely!!! Mwah!
So weird looking up to see Marine One and have it not be weird. I <3 DC
hello how are you? where are you? and how old are you?
#IThankGod for all the blessing that He gave to me and sorry for all my Sin.
haha why is this retweeted by Ali.
Today: Belladonna & Opium (B&O) Suppositories are currently on manufacturer backorder. Hieber's can compound them though! Call 412-
-- DTosh is DMan. And that no good The Mr Shoot has raisin balls.
0.o aaannnnddddd back to bed i go then.
coming to 'Speaking of...' this February?
#poetparty In Stereo Press takes submissions year round. Check us out! www.instereopress.com
Had a great time in the city! SO much to read now! That's right friends! Read! There are not enough hours in the day to get things done!
Shout out to my #bsdiv and #soozooted family. Happy New Years letter get it poppin.
Well guess I'm #TeamDWade now! Lol
Looking at the most popular topics today and seeing one that reminds me of what i told lol
that was awhile ago.. Last night she was just saying Im chillinnn with someone and keyra said im austin's rumored gf;) and
I'm so obsessed with this song
lol...sure think big.
Publishing rights r the rights to a song. If u write a song by yourself, u own the publishing and copyright upon completion of the song.
are you in middle seat “: When you're not spoiled, your ass is stuck in the dead last non-reclining row on a 6 hour red-eye flight
The vitamin B6 found in black beans helps your body break down sugars and supports your nervous system.
Thanks for the retweet!
That's awesome - seems like everyone ought to have that speed. If only there was a candidate who agreed... hm
sounds like a desperate play for "younger" audiences? Needs smarter writing!?
I want you all to know that YOU are all beautiful. You're here for a reason. Dream big and live life to the fullest! Always. 143.
And so begins Fashion Week for Geeks!
Listening to excerpts from Lionel Richie's duets album that comes out this week.... Darius and Lionel "stuck on you" so pretty! I'm excited!
Now that we're following each other, I need to know: Do u love us more or do we love u, more?
Morning! I'd love feedback on yesterday's prez if you have any. Still in love with Alma? <3
“: I want to see Christina aguilera do a tribute to Whitney I know she will kill it!”
I tried to explain to my boyfriend how the "hangover" after working a 24 hour 'shift' can't be cured in 1 day. Skipping church to prove it.
my favortie song :-)
Also, right above my office is one of the big HVAC returns.... White Noise Built In!
#FirstEdition says follow and amazing things will happen - u just have to folo to find out
sup tweeter?
Just got your DM. What are you looking for? I'd be happy to help you out. --Aaron
"Do cats really need rescuing? Can't they just, like, live?" - during an ASPCA ad
I will;)
thanks, looking forward to it!
word of wisdom
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
DailyHookahTip#124: Don't use wind covers indoors, they tend to over-roast the shisha, resulting in harsh hits.
that's just plain weird
Nature walks >
Filming new Egan Experiment NOW!!!!!!!1!!!!
Hey Jamie please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan & I would be very happy if u follow me! Have a grear night! Xoxo
I'm good now.
hahaha That is worthy of a retweet... literally laughed out loud.. I can just picture you saying it
yeA, I imagine the docter knows the damage 20 half samoan babies would do to ur body lol
you did great man!
nice! Should be around, yes. Give me a call anytime.
and Great meeting you guys yesterday. Looking forward to the book club!
What are you listening to? I need new music! Want to grab some Lowcraft CD's
"Mia is the cookie to my oven" Haha young love
We love the work that is flowing into our blog, Its great to see artists taking advantage of the opportunity.
Be the hero of your office... Pick up some breakfast tacos to go from The Screaming Goat!
Our conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute/sponsor :-)
the has the fund for children to creat orbs and youth engaged in community funded in part by sport teams.
Gotta have brains and looks when you got a grown man.. Only little boys go for dumb bitches who ain't gone be shid..
RT : 10,000 schools have a farm to school program which helps kids try new fruits and veggies!
I could really use some of your humor right now.
I'm lucky I don't have cable, I would get nothing done
Next Saturday-- you will! :)
mom just asked where the bag of pita chips were
#wtf to do
PLEASE tell me this Adam Yauch MCA news is not true. PLEASE.
We are looking into the problem and will get back to you ASAP when it is fixed. Thank you for reaching out to us.
#3-Adrian Peterson-RB-Minnesota Vikings
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
CRACK MUFFINS.
you don't like.
yep gymnast are always hot at the top of their sport I was a gymnast for 25 years
keeping you in my prayers!
Why is it called after dark when it really after light
I LOVE YOU (Biles)
Thank's! We will plan on posting it tomorrow on the "Helpful Information" page of our site.
Hehehe. It sounded gross before I started making it, but ChaCha told me to use oats since I didn't have bread crumbs!
#FF All of our actors. They have a lot more to talk about besides UnLEASHED!
sure! transporting stuff back and forth all the time write Pick up in shop in the comment field on order, no ship will be charged
you better shape up cos I need a man, and my heart is set on you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
ohh lol so facebook is kinda boring too. i agree that twitter is much better. hbuu
thanks so much! :) hopefully you snagged the free download of it!
I bet Cymarron's 1971 hit "Rings" is nowhere to be found on LeBron's iPod
At this rate, #Lancs might be batting before tea.
Fote: The past tense of foot. -- "The amputee felt a phantom itch in his fote."
whats the point if word on the street is that Kentucky basketball team can beat the wizards
Hydrangeas and a small cypress tree!
i hate you so much u gave me a heart attack for NO reason!
• Hey it was nice to see you at the game. At first I was like HUH? because I didn't expect it. Guess we should'a went on Saturday.
S/o to my favorite bad girls yall the shit with no diapers follow these ladies they real Ass Hell
hanging out with my cousins haven't seen them for a while! i love my new baby cousin Zoe! ^_^ <3
Can we meet at Starbucks instead of Burger Hut?
we will find out what its like to be.. in a marching band... YEAH FOR THE FIREMAN.
i was talking about the song ......
1602 S. Park St. Madison. Can you make it? Thx!
with at the Learning Commons! chatting and charging..
Idleness chafes and opportunity beckons.
Othadontist! Trying to decide what colors to get on my train tracks this time...
TODAY JUST NEEDS TO END.
awwwuh! you're so sweet!! That means a lot! and so are you! :)
What is Red White and Blue has 22 legs, 11 heads and 2 arms? A nightmarish monster for the rest of the world.
lost you in the crowd after the show. You had me dying in the back! Great to meet you, enjoy your Sundays!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! THANKS!! YOUR AMAZING <3 UR MUSIC!!!
Looking forward to Tonight's rehearsal....funny footage ahead!!
Welcome to #Milwaukee Monta Ellis!
Scarfed down some garlic bread, and waiting for our authentic Chicago deep dish pizza :)
I dont really like the one with tho
Excited to play Nos Bar in Fort Worth tomorrow! Spread the word! We would love to see a big group out
Truth is I'm just simply disappointed, story of my life /: #forever alone
WCC? Big West? They'll find something RT final thing is how is the split sports going to work for BSU if the WAC does not exist?
Witness prep with nurse tomorrow. Under-over on when the crying starts: 4.5 minutes. What is ur bet? I bet under.
All the best on that bro! I need to get out and run too!
RT : Never had a laptop. I bought the iPad to proofread books and to use it as a second monitor when correcting them.
Ah I am all social networked out for the evening.
Dont wait till the last minute join me at my new party #LuxSundays 2nite EVERYONE IS FREE when you Text LuxSundays to 74455
Check out www.kingoffitteds.com
Thanks2 Happy Belated B-Day Wendy!!! So busy w/ college algebra etc had to unplug & get lots done. Finals week!=)
I don't remember publicly announcing the Mk vita bathroom invitational. It's gonna be HYPE
Wednesday we're excited to welcome Frank Mungeam as our second SM speaker - Learn how to market your business like a marketer!
Def taking an extra long lunch to enjoy this weather!!
: RaceFail 09 brought about mass vernacular theory production in regards to racism and sf and fantasy lit
Coffee with exec. director ....great ministry doing great development work helping people start businesses in
CML houses Job Help Center and Homework Help in same space. Flips at 3pm when school kids arrive.
mama's little baby loves shortnin' bread
Shoutout to for a FABULOUS photo shoot!
I'm going with the #Rangers & #Devils tonight!
Back open tomorrow! Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!
Thanks for RT! The HB story was inspiring to read and report on!
DUDE! YOU MESSED UP MY NAIL POLISH!!!<U+E059><U+E00D>
Now A member of #PRSSA chapter to later become a #PRSA member.
Share my video please
Creating our new fan page. Visit us often for the latest news, updates and event info.
cream dream?
Poor little tofu lobster
I know those feels
Thanks for the follow elizabeth!
Me an Lazy Mane rappin a damn 45 Minute Set! ... thursday night at the Highland Inn Ballroom ... 10:45 o clock
good weekend I actually thought of you on Friday when I was coming home and I heared nature's crack
cant have success when worried about that kind of stuff. the successful remove distractions from their life so they prosper
Minnesota lawmakers approve budget deal; governor's signature will end 20-day state shutdown.
Valentine just needs not to call players out in Media and/or air the teams dirty laundry #Keep it in house! & win. it cures all
#boyfriend tune sounds pretty sick!( in a good way)
I'm going too, yo
Not sure what you think ought to improve but feel free to hit the feedback button on the page itself and tell us about it
I'm not falling for your type again..
MITCH McCONNELL was holding the podium tightly because he know he is going to live to regret the ENDORSEMENT ON MIITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca.sur
speaking of this, we just enabled 64-bit support on m1.small and c1.medium instances (literally last night) ;)
Awesome! I can't wait!
Hi back at you
Might have taken me almost 5 months to realize that you are the one i want to spend my life with, but thats ok. <3 i love you babe.
Have you heard news-Bpt CT superintendent is also consulting for Illinois and looking to replace counselors with volunteers?
thanks for the follow, Shaun!
Big Al! I miss ya girl. Are you still a Macys?
Be who u are, live fearlessly, more importantly knw who u are & fight for what u know is right. Ppl recognize greatness when they see it! RT
Ashley is the best person/sister EVER!
Congratulations on your acceptance into the nursing program!
Just tell me when, i always have time for you!:)
thanks. I hear it was bobs bday. Happy happy ox
Can someone please tell me how much the Wednesday night show is to enter? Thank you! :)
man hve seen dat downloads on limelinx bro stupid swag
great! So exciting! Please email me so I can send you the info! Or DM your email! Thanks!
Is that Peter lorre?
thanks bro
Where are my tax returns!! #soimpatient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Geek night 2012 is coming back in Feb. This year we will have video games, prizes and so much more. Welcome back Geeks and Nerds!
can't get enough of, "Ugly Part of Me" - It's been on repeat the last coupla days...
Interviewed earlier today by regarding WI "Castle Doctrine" law. Stay tuned for 10PM news and we'll see how it turned out.
Really? Wow.
Adub fan trivia: win a shoutout! 1st to answer correctly gets one. Q: what's 's dog's name?
just reminding you that I love you and your amazing!!!
6pm tonight , Lyles Center, we will be screening "Something Ventured." Food and drinks will be provided. Come hungry, leave full & inspired
Flemings burger is way better than JJs. Couldn't pass that up.
I've been told.
Politico hed failure: "Hollande Sauce a Losing Recipe?" I'd have said, "Hollande Days Source of Speculation"
wow; that's quite haunting
Not a good buy but my two cents.
lmao the real housewives of ATL the drama queen one
you guys are just trying to scare me tonight, aren't you?!
just gave a great speech. Made me tear up!
I second the bowling ball notion. Nothing impractical about it. Plus a total conversation piece at the lanes.
Food :-D yes
that's the one I tried, too. I was glad I got it on sale. Lol
So supprised! All I have to do is make her lunch n wake her up if I'm up
Project HOOD and the Walk Across America are going to be on "Good Morning America" in Times Square NY before we walk!
I'm Good
FRIDAY IS HERE!!!!
Ditto! RT : I believe there is great value in generating original content & curating web. 1 does not replace the other.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
' Need him to grow a bak bone , been asking for to long now!!
Hey Roy Williams Owners! Looks like he will be OK for week 1, maybe 2. Nice bottle of Wine and a Shoulder Massage and he'll be just fine!
i did mommy:D
Gonna miss Lyons, but now YOU have even more of a bigger opportunity to shine!
RT : Irony: I'm in the DC building that houses MSNBC. You can't get in w/o ID. You can vote w/o ID, but you can't visit MSNBC.
i missed my old icon<3
Ward 8 turned out for Gray Town Hall meeting-yes!
F.N.O.- Failures No Option
That's awesome! Hope he continues to do well.
I a lazy lout, you a lazy lout, marry me, Antonia. - Spanish Proverb
is this about that person we talked about? Hahaha
clutch free throws tonight man! keep it up
I pray that we all awake every morning and thank God that we have this day and many to come.
Thank god for pandora
I always had a thing for chimney sweeps and shoe repair men. Can't explain it.
Can I have one Damn day to be treated like a Princess? Damn is that to much to ask?!?! #NeedSugarDaddy Lmao....
Kelly you are the best. Should've had the stage by yourself.... God bless
Ah getting closer to game time :D
Skin Care Tips 4 healthier/beautiful skin: eat healthier, hydrate, exercise, monitor sun exposure & practice a regular cleansing routine.
How can we best inform younger voters about the long-term stakes of November's elections?
It was great - thx for asking! RT : thanks! My weekend was wonderful and very #green :) - yours?
This dudes swimming shirt says: "my time is faster than all your times combined"
Wish I could, but wrote that 3 years ago and didn't keep my research. Ironically, I don't remember what sources I used.
That awkward moment when nothing is awkward... O_O
As much as I hate Kobe I have to admit that man is very clutch
RT : RT : Omg twerk team dwn here today ... :D<<< Endless Music Tonight!
Everyone should try and love themselves. Its not the same as being cocky.
You not in the circle boo!!! Lmao
i like to burp and sneeze on people
Agreed. RT : Great strategies! RT : Super insight from
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him.
I got yelled at for shaking my head at someone! Duude
#HouseParty #Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills! Ladies *FREE* all night!
In Carmel/Monterey Bay for the next week. Have a favorite tea spot I need to checkout?
s/o to that athletic chick
Wow it'a been 35 years since Roots?
Hi Philippe. Today was errand day mainly + some online training in mobile tech. Chilling out now --planning week + month. Cheers.
Two Oscar nominations for #ASeperation. Make films, not war with
#arttoinspiration friends - It's been a super busy day, so I haven't been able to visit all of your posts, but I will soon :) #can'twait
I believe everyone ought to get wealthy and famous and do everything they ever wanted so they can notice that it's not the reply.
Anxiety attack beginning now won't be gone till Tuesday afternoon...chemistry is going to kill me I want to cry right now
Looking forward to surviving this day and seeing at tonight!!!
The #props definately meritted... You both cut thru the shite and present it as it is. That's huge 4 all of us!
I am pretty sure that closing of the #Community episode was done in case it was a series finale.
Just thought I'd let this be known :)
Been gone for a min twitter! I'm back! Just got off work & I'm off 2morrow :)
#dexone brushing up on marketing and social media strategies.
Mary J. Blige - I Can See In Color - 05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Alia best not be grounded on Friday. I might beat a nigga.
Finding true love is hard so when youdo find it ... Dont give up on it. Love aint perfect. You not either. So deal with the negative things
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico! Fun! But, we are building a new school here as well! Leave it better than when we came!
every chance I get to see him, it always gets ruined... :/
great, I'll type up the questions over the weekend - just respond when you can. Send me a DM with ur emaill addy (no sharing)
ONE DIRECTION BETTER COME SOMEWHERE IN WASHINGTON! I don't care the time, place, or cost...IM GONNA GO.
This May Day, celebrate May Day by explaining to me what May Day is for
The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat.
What makes you beautiful - Boyce Avenue cover >>>>
Next time I go to LA um getting my marijuana prescription
Just left ACT im feeling a lil better than before but we'll how long dis lasts.
In much need of some fun and upbeat moods. Here at the yailyard till 5am. With no one to watch the sunrise with and haave breakfast
I'm going to Be on the News (channel 5) to night (friday) at 10pm so tone in
Tired as fuck. Hoping that tomorrow is bullshit free or I might go off.
Yes you did :)
I think mine is a 7
Anyone coming to #Vegas this weekend for Mayweather vs Cotto? Who are you rooting for?
I just sent you an email!!! I hope you check it out and let me know what you think.
i hate it when the class is suddenly silent for longer than usual..
geez that pool looks small
RT More for the falls arts preview: RT : Arcimboldo Exhibit at National Gallery of Art East Building
no I'm not interesting enough to blog and you know I've never been shy about talking to you directly.
If I had your voice, I never would talk again. I would sing everything!
#FowlerCanFly damn still has that speed we all love!
#StrickerCutStreak You can put a fork in it. Bogey, double puts him +5 with 5 to play. Awesome streak Strick!
First, i love Alphas series ! I like your character in the show. You are doing a great job.I'm your fan!
Last night for piano blu!!! Help them finish strong!
These boys are getting pissed though. Oops we're kicking ass <333
The will to believe is perhaps the most powerful, but certainly the most dangerous human attribute.
what's good My nikka
aww man! I missed happy hour?
Phillies fan to death but love get better beardo,
Noted Israeli magician Lior Suchard will be on my show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM- Listen and spread the word!
"I want to be all used up when I die." ~George Bernard Shaw
Perfect day for a frozen margarita slushee!
Anthony Davis is an animal!
It's been a strike all night. Why not... idk, start adapting. Calling Mr. Narron?
women fucked up soo much in life for giving up to what they see on tv 2 da point if they dont come to me and talk to me i rather die single
SO EXCITED TO SEE WICKED TONIGHT!
Rocking a set w/ headed by @ All Asia 2nite w/ artist pick up freud. Starts @ 9 pm
The Bat Segundo Show: Tom Bissell, Part Two - Reluctant Habits
Guess I'm staying up all night, gonna need some coffee. With that being said I think I'm ready to lose my Dutch virginity.
Open auditions for Hollywoods Top Voice competition tonight in Boogie Nights at 6pm...If you have a Top Voice we want to hear it. BOM
I just ordered online at Five Guysl!
OMG! The step and repeat!
“: Crash reported at Hampden and Parker” plus the 2 on Parker road and Broncos Parkway
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
Getting a cuthair
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , you're an awesome dude thanks for the chat yesterday...you and Jesse were really funny!
Sex, drugs & rock n' roll. Speed, weed & birth control. Life's a bitch and then you die. So f*ck the world & let's get high!
You're free to call 'em whatever you like. To each their own.
That'll fix it. RT : viewer tells me she's rallied "a group of gays"; they're descending on the #coleg in red capes
Thumbin threw that check
I would tweet more often if I thought anyone was reading this
Just need to spend the day relaxing in the sun!
Really! Wow...brings back memories. Used to live within walking distance. One of my favorite places. Beware the Maggie's!! ...
My babe taking a nap .
Going to the Polo Lounge, Beverly Hills Hotel. Will play there from 12:30 to3pm if you want to come say hi.
Best to you!
My birthday is next wed. you know what would be a great gift a spot for a general in july.
Ugh. Wasting valuable writing time waiting for my computer to work
Accident: BYPASS&MCINTIRE RD CTY: 2 vehicles involved - smoke coming from on of the vehicles
Back from dance, what's happening?! :D
(cont) a guy who couldn’t make another abrupt job change even if he wanted to. So this may work out for the Sun Devils.
Heading back to the studio
Wow has become the 3rd most visited social networking site this past week, everyone must be planning their wedding (via )
Four days riding in a row? Yes, it's happening. Hitting the cable tomorrow.
Discussion is linking 18c ephemera to digital pedagogy.
Lord bless the hypocrites. AMEN!
Take it you've not seen the squad then!
sorry i forgot to give a fuck
was just showing off his new #iPad in the office. Many of us were quite jealous.
Ready to be done with study hours
This school year has been something else indeed
drive home safely
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!!!! will u follow me please
if I get one more , Hello this user is posting horrible rumors about you... message.. I will crack !!
Chick-fil-a just looks so beautiful. Too excited? Fukkk no
Joining the masses on Twitter! I'm interested in seeing if all the Google vs. Twitter gossip is anything more than just hype. Tweet Tweet!
I'll be in just after lunch today. Going to be awesome.
Thank you for #Following Happy Easter!
I'm guessin you an OKC fan huh
Crazy thunder and lightning here! I'm gonna head up to the roof to hold up a 9-iron—who's in??
So what happened to KONY 2012? I thought people were so "committed"........
I am disappointed; my crush is taken.
Of couse they don't. Especially when the "california roll" comes from Kroger.
West End Rocker and Viking Blond as the wildcard. COME ON !!
Charlie Mingus - Flamingo - 10:01 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
think pink
"Saved by the Bell," the whole series, is now streamable on Netflix. And the first episode is terrible.
Wsop main event start with 30 k. 28.4 k in. Early trading.
Are you going on younow today? D: i really wanna see you(:
Hmm.. Never mind. Too lazy and i would probably say bad things because i only like a few people.
since you only seem to tweet now: your email keeps spamming me with your dick enlargement purchases.
-- Do I have a time limit for Friday?
Yo do u record songs by other writers as well?
How'd you like the master? I think It bumps the whole mix up 100%. Great work on your side. See you 2night
Aced it!
Yes I got a burning question..please tell me you're single?
whereabouts in SC are you from?
I wasn't ready to go either so I agree with you
Hope you are well lady. Keep me posted on all the goings on. :D I will text you when I find my phone
BRING YOUR BUT DOWNSTAIRS
I fill my #Vegas itch about 270 times a year. Locals have it so good!
Haha Douhat must have goten an ulcer from typing that last paragraph. It was a 2 step game; The bishops got schooled.
Shopper or Grocery IQ? Discuss.
state tonight! can't wait to dominate!
Ugh, I hate being sick. :/
y do females get so offend when we leave the toliet seat up?yall dnt hear us complaining about yall leaving the seat dwn...
Aw, thanks!
Y do my heart still love you when it knows ur not what's best for me
Not fair guys. Have not seen the Crüe live since Dr Feelgood and you don't invite me!!!???
Nigerian papers boost security after bombings
Okay Twittersphere, I'm going to be gone all week with no net access. Please "@" me if anything interesting comes up.
You know how we do! Philly style :)
A HS classmate! RT Yesterday we arrested James Sroufe after he tried to pawn some stolen metal while driving a stolen truck.
Woooohoooo! >>": Watch us on Gospel today! , "
Hi Jane, I'm James Adams, founder of AirPay, a mobile social wallet provider. Who should I approach about partnering?
Rhode Island has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
“: People never change. They just become more of who they really are.”
Yes it is.
Nine days 'til Santa Anita
thinking about a big change I want to make. need advice from UC, my parents, and my friends before I decide.
Guess you have to follow us to receive DM......or Dm us your email
Thanks for the links. Will check them out.
fuck ya we do the same. will have some for ya soon man!
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.-Vince Lombardi
We are grateful that our members collectively saved over $100 million in transportation expenses in the last decade. We hope to save...
I've forgotten what a meme is...My mind has been taken over by all this shit-busy-work...
Finally relaxing after a long day. Drinking Belgian beer and watching the Life is good.
hockey predictions are like vacuums. They all suck.
looks great! thanks for the pic!
was it of hazelnut creamer? Haha
I think you got hacked guys/gals...
I see so much of t-mac in kevin durant
don't forget UWSP also.
Ay man im 15yrs old you thiink i can take creatine or am i gonna fuck my shit up? you kno im a Young Thannng pls reply
I'm trying to pee, and bailey keeps banging on the door. And now shes playing with my underpants.
Yeah, it is kinda hard cause retards move too much
Everyone is telling me to get more active so thats the plan for 2012
Just picked up some great #books at #samuelfrench on #sunsetblvd. Ah I could spend days there!
Agreed! RT : So many hot consumer co's *only* on iOS @ the moment: Instagram. Flipboard. Color. Milk. Quora. Pinterest.
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
Anyone else have trouble with godaddy web hosting? I lost all my site content even tho I backed up, and I have email problems daily. :(
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool. - Lord Chesterfield
ouch! but yay nitrous!
I want a tattoo. (:
I feel I've seen an incredibly abnormal amount of dragonflies in the city/suburbs this summer.
Happy New Year from our family to yours!!! Stay tunned for upcoming events for 2012........
cant rebound
I heard was the 2010 HSMF Shirt-cocker award winner...
easy answer: be like me and have a coffee pot in your office
To all my single friends: I want to get you laid. Come to #SMSK on 6/9!!! Tix go on sale Thursday
Off to bed
Loving the solid gear hit for my client, in Oct' ! Went to high school with cover girl, Heather Morris, too!
My abs are kinda sore! :/ ouch!
I Need You Now *u*
Have fun in the Cayman Islands
I just realized that I haven't had any #coffee today!
Had to retweet you
Trimmed my toe claws. I am human once more!
Study now!! tomorrow UTS!!
With #lobbyists #superpac #corporations into #politics, #America no longer a #Democracy its an #oligarchy #Plutocracy where
always an awkward conversation. How to do better?
Let's spend the rest of our next 5 to 7 years together
happy bday man
Love the belts. Too bad she is not selling right now.
Nothing sucks more than when you give someone good advice and they don't take it. Like, why'd you even ask me then?
#idol - Joshua sstarted nicely and kept the sreaming to a minnimum. Pretty decent job overall.
Thanks for the fundraiser last night. You guys are awesome!
I know ... knows how to do it right
so I gotta ask.... You got a booty? Old gnr
Need to borrow a Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter for a new unibody macbook pro - can someone at #sundance help us out??
I think not, particularly if there's scotch in the picture. *cheers*
Morning all... #happysunday everyone<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2600>
once you get that done maybe you'll need an oil change. We come to you for a change!
Thanks #cmh airport for the constant reminders that this is a smoke free facility. what is this, 1989??
Wait, who will become what? Is this a trick question? RT Memories make us who we are. Dreams make us who will become.
Why we don't get along?---->He's a skittle and I'm a dark cloud.......sh*t don't mix
Already am! haha :)
Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it.
better yet what does it smell like under that week old pizza dough of a belly.
i just got home and i called u bakk
i think i have a feeling i know what you got in mind....... haha
Like to shout out to my girl for being extremely hard working. Congrats on this weekend
“ “ Wrapped in your covers and having the fan going >””
just recorded vocals for new song, Doin It. it might be done now. might be...
on saturday it will be exactly a month until believe omfgggggg
It's still Friday?
Attending Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow presented by
That moment when you get a late night call from him!"<3
How did I get stuck watching Heidi from The Hills talk about her plastic surgery procedures?
scratch that, we're playing first at 10:30
One of the greatest songs ever... RT : #np bobby caldwell "what you won't do for love"
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. Alexander Smith
Hi Matthew! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
MARY PRANTIL STALKS MARRIED CELEB PRODUCER HANI OF"CONTROL ROOM" Mary Prantil NOT OF GOD BUT A CRIMINAL
about to. was at the gym for almost 3 hours. Tired as fuck. Need to shower.
Anybody planning on going to the #radiohead show at blossom on June 6?
Thanks for the follow ! Have a fabulous day.
"I wonder if in Europe Miles Davis is known as Kilometer Davis" - Steven Wright
FEELS LIKE UM GONE HAVE UH GOOD NIGHT
Come on #FDA, make #PlanB more easily available! Women have the right to easily access healthcare
9:00. Great! I follow #HR on LI. Found her posts in #RacineProTech LI group. She 'likes' posts by others in
What do you call a rich frog ? A golf blooded reptile !
Someone did it today, in the trash SS#, CC# etc... Call us. We shred on site...
Says no
": Men who don't watch football... Straight #suspect"no cause I don't watch it..plus I dont wanna watch niccaz in tights
I pass by this place every morning on my way to work and have been wondering about it. Now I'll definitely check it out!...
Dawes: criminals ostracized by society after prison not for their crimes but for confession, for speaking the unspeakable
awesome! thanks for listening!
When you have a bubble in your head try to think of the bubble in the head of the person you're speaking with
US are the favorites it seems.
Hours before #arthistory midterm: Freshman: "All of the slides will have captions with names and dates, right?" ... We need to talk.
I don't understand it lol but being nice to ppl here doesn't seem to work
Tigers should trade for Inge
Disagree / dislike RT : Alright, I'm done. But seriously, if you follow hokieguru I want nothing to do with you.
Not gonna lie, I'm a little bummed that we didn't win the mega millions.
It's a full-moon driving kind of night.
Hey Tony!!!!! I misses you and thanks for helping me look for colleges by you. Love ya Sexxie-Mexxie Doungen Dragon! <3Aly<3
Listening to some interesting uses of Word-of-mouth in large companies such as Hershey's, McDonalds, PEMCO and others at
Had a great time hk, I rode my friend's long board and did go without a suit
Damn... player just blew his knee out
check out the halloween costumes..on my face book page.. search la comfortzone click on my halloween album in photos....
One of my CEO friends needs a Sr. Flash Developer for an awesome position in San DIego to do Online Games - resumes to
thanks! Think we would need to stick to free version too...
“: hey Cece it's your bffe” hey waz up?
I would travel and have misadventures with you in a heartbeat!
ohmygosh stop lying :c
Has voted.
Happy Monday! Clear your mind of negative thoughts...Live love
Tonight!!! on --phoenix emcee is a special guest with and in the mix-surprise guest at 2:30!
Dam drake fan much!
and colleges have freshman, sophomore, junior, senior too.
Staying up to see Tim Riggins on Jay Leno! :)
I got these niggas flocking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Very interesting research from Jason Hong: context-aware scalable authentication - help you auth faster if we can reliably identify it's you
Anyone with a Verizon iPhone able to get good service in the Georgia Dome? I swear AT&T sucks in any crowded areas.
fly up here, please
": My name is Peyton, not Payton." Ha just noticed this! Cut that meat Peyton..
closing in on completing album design!
Obviously I'm assuming the person was wearing the pants before leaving them. Otherwise, that's just boring.
I don't like May because all my favorite shows end then. This time it's House's turn.
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view. A cop who is really stern could say that it is
<---Dislikes being trapped in makeshift booby traps
working in New York City this week. Finalizing details for 2010 Clothing Swap America Tour
I can't stand when people do that...
Shaana Way's scores for #Rising and #Knock are done. Thom Hickey and Everett Glovier's #Rising score will be mixed tonight! -JO
My mom : who is this lil wing you listen too? LMFAO!
Mom's Rock! Happy Mother's Day! ~ BC
have a great day!
Let's get ready to rumble! Meeting the lovely at City Walk tonight. Huya!
If there ever was a franchise I WANTED it would be a Shane's.
why is it taking so long
Funny. RT Dear Internet: if you publish a story about effective uses of Twitter, please add a button to share on Twitter.
christmas gift??
Happy one year of being girlfriends to me and !(:<3 freaking love that girl but she's lame for not being in town right now.
Everyone loves a game 7.
He always got sumn to say
Just registered and booked the hotel for the wife and I for Netroots 2012!
I heart american horror story
let me guess raise the price of tickets but let the illegal immigrants slide Right
Don't fall in love. She's a beauty. She is one in a million girls. Love the Tubes. An oldie but a goodie
How am I still getting Farmville requests?! I thought that became uncool like years ago.
(: miss you too!
Do you watch vampire diaries??? I saw TVD in your twitter profile.
Cant wait to go shopping!<3
We will not leave the cafeteria until we have finished the entire confection!
trashy yet highbrow! Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman by Stefan Zweig
I have more!! Lmao whats up bro?
Heading to NYC tomorrow. starts this weekend and I'm hoping to check it out. Any film suggestions?
It's Simp Shady
bringing in 6 mos. of free rent for tenant clients is proving easier than one thought!
Star Wars.
be sure to DL our free app for iphone or android for all your ballpark trips! Info on parking, concessions, local bars, & more
Ugh, This nigggguh
Aw, thank you so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
23 days to go :) looking forward to returning home and being where we want to be.
hacker poker night round 2 dec 16 via -- link to fb page?
Man, wtf did they do to my Twitter layout? I can't find sh*t now.
mad respect for your nuggets. Growth year for you guys and an impt step.
Kicking off the #marketo boston user group
They're just sluts
One of the stunt guys on The Hangover 2 is suing Warner Brothers for a stunt gone bad. I wonder if it has anything to do with the monkey.
I do follow you :)
Call now to get $4 off any 18” pizza, including specialty pies!
Music brings people together and tells a lot about the person that you are and tells a lot about where you've been.
cool, friday am through 1pm is wide open if that might work for you, do you both still dial in on fridays?
We can make the world stop.
W. C. Fields
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Federal Analyst-Summer Scholar, Strategy & Operations for Deloitte Consulting LLP. Deadline to apply: Sun. 1/29
Go ahead and drink some more water. Also, you're pretty (or handsome).
The crew here at the New York office is putting on our tuxes and getting ready to head over to the Grand Hyatt for the #PRWeek awards.
The guy that I have had a crush on for like 4 years came and spent the night at the hospital with me last night...! :)
Holy crap. I lost 5 pounds.
waiting 15 minutes for delivery MT: "#Taurus see the benefits of short term suffering for a long-term gain. A unique feature of the Bull."
I do not like the raised court. Bad idea
and they arent gay i think YOU ARE
The Pharaohs wife is a cold-hearted chick.
Ladies and gentleman...tonight's the night! See you at The Blood and Guts Ball! Doors at 8:00pm.
please tell me you heard about john l. Smith. I am away from a radio.
the next time Eye come home.... It's a go! Will keep y'all posted.
GNC, it's a perfect place for you!
hi Mikey <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> Thank you so much for being such a great impact on me. You inspire me so much I can't wait til Chi town Aug<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Okay, so three people that I talked to every day all stopped talking to me recently, what happened, lol.
lol yes I'm fine, thanks!
hope heat do the thing
Glad you liked it! It's a good show.
Great place! I'm having mine there too !!
Building Muscle – Top 7 muscle building exercises | Skin Care tips
If you could play every song on PVC pipe, why wouldn't you?
Lots of NEW Wire-O Journal designs available at your local Barnes & Noble NOW (look in the bargain section)!
Just paid off my credit card for the first time
This may be my last post ever. Bye! Just in case...
Hi Kate, I can't get your blog to load. It says there is a problem with the syntax. Just wanted to let you know! -Amanda
I'm such a bad texter-backer sometimes. My friends deserve better, I'm sorry!
avoid the seams. if the shoes r good (1st bravo on picking an excellent shoe) then the stitching is re-enforced.
the ref. librarian I interviewed told me I would never be rich or respected, but would have an interesting job. Hm...
. rocking some sharp design in her visuals supporting a talk on Reality Ends Here, an arg for USC SCA students
I so want some floral pants
I have heard you need to watch several shows and then it gets much better. I stopped after two. Painfully boring
I was so disappointed I missed it last night but to my delight its on tonight! Thank God!!
Tragic - Definitely makes me think, feel.
what can you say bad about obama? and if you dont like him, give me a good reason why. just seeing if you can.
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs Visit Envy Protege Designs to get a sneak peak of the feather shoulder chain Accessory <3 <3
watched "friends with benefits" on the flight home, and it was surprisingly good. it's not weird to tear up at a flash mob finale, right?
Haha! When u live in suburbia, u typically have 2 drive 2 pick up anything. In the city you walk everywhere.
loved seeing you Wednesday!! #modelsreunite <U+2764>
Thank you so much :)) Soo glad you came! Love youu:)
When the majority determines the rights of the minority
One day I hope to have a light guy/ girl half as awesome as
Juliet Sims looks like Ashlee Simpson pre-nose job with that hair cut/color.
if i told you - I'd have to hurt you and I really don't want to do that. :)
Ugh first day of class problems.
history is the best predictor of the future.
how bout some eggs in the mornin to go with those yummy biscuits? Commuter heaven.
How is everyone today?!
Regarding #Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs - most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10 - happened 4X.
RT “: Hey, Sudan Pres. Bashir, hope you've been watching Mladic & Taylor trials 4war crimes. That's your future!”...!
This Friday 6-8:30 PM is our opening reception for OFF the SQUARE and the Nature of Joy. We're pretty excited... hope you are too!
Im bouta be back in the gym startin tomorrow mornin! Money and Good Weed make a nigga lazy!
ya its got pearl in it
& placed a bounty tag on every1 else": On the news side, was just told the Saints have placed the franchise tag on QB Drew Brees."
Final table, low stack
just saw Tebow in the stands gotta get his attention!
looks awesome guys! Real instruments in a studio ...love that!
silverstein's my absolute fave. followed by my chem. love christofer drew though.
Yet LA only has 2 fouls in the 2nd half. RT : Some of the screens in this DEN-LAL game have been as hard as the checks in USA-CAN
Time to hide my face for the masquerade party tonight!!
The Devil will not and can not defeat me~BAMM.
oh well happy almost birthday then lol :)
Did you know that police officers have been riding H-D motorcycles since 1908? Detroit and Pittsburgh units were the first.
Love this: “When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.” Confucious
I wear tie dye shirts and rep OF to the fullest
…and Instagram's been a great place too - little easier to spark a conversation w a photo :)
I enjoy listening to songs by Lenny Kravitz. Embarrassing?.... Maybe so.
My first tweet. Looking for suggestions who to follow.
Fights with my mom.
Awesome! Are you excited to get to see and touch the new CTX 3030?
Happy Birthday I think ur a gr8 actress :-) I hope u have an awesome.
But I still can't believe its actually snowing
no :( We'll miss you!
You don't know my struggle. I have to physically get out of my car to get parking tickets from garage dispensers.
Up early, babe just left for class, and now time to get things rolling. Have a blessed day y'all :-)
Think about it for a minute before you say that.
Had a blast. Great win.
Holy nuggets
Mind-blowing
I expect you to say hello to me! :) liking the new body! You better werrrrrkkk girl!!
I love guys with accents.
There is a Japanese girl in front of me in line wearing a shirt that says "everybody loves an Irish girl." I don't buy it.
Clogging pinterest with hot guys like and
"He's really been off his game. He probably has a disease or something." -mom, in reference to Tiger Woods
I will never get used to this feeling
I'm a HUGE Bears fan. Praying for a good receiver! Would love a receiver like Crabtree!
#schoolmemories All The Fights :)
How have I not seen #Footloose? Kevin Bacon, I am impressed! This is making me want to see the new one too.
Lol for sure. If you could pick who was on the lineup who would you want
Smh when niggas bored they just start naming fine women.
Say the words, Carrow and I let you live. *throws a lightning bolt at your ass* Say em.
A very full, very small jet, with not so very small people=a great test to see if you have the fruit of the Spirit or not-in testing now.
I need a steak hoagie in my life. I'm so greeedyyyy
be sure to check out our friends
": RT IF YOU HAVE HATERS (( FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK ))" #TEAMFOLLOWBACK follow back!!
ik I told my mom tht! She's says u have no future with him u shod date a Godly man and He is just a figment of ur imagination
Back from Shanghai and Beijing. Loved the trip although my Mandarin needs A LOT of work.
Miss the early 2000's best MUSIC
Any further news on this? I live right by...
Love the Packers and hate Homelessness? Looking for some corporate sponsors for a giant charity event hosted by Nick Collins..
We're just asking for respect, not a tux everyday. Nobody wants to see your feet or ripped jeans.
filming a new video editing tonight it will be up either later tonight or tomorrow morning or afternoon
Wide awake
fight night weekend!! tickets for a good price... then we will follow it up with FREE transportation in the MEGA F650 "shown in picture"
Spent the end of my evening with Wolfram, Wheeler, Langston, thai basil beef & cellular automata
nice read. Again, I agree.
Amazing how dramatically certain experiences can change your aesthetic perspectives on something or someone.
IKR!Obviously if u go 2 a Greyson Chance concert u're going 2 wear GREYSON CHANCE T-SHIRT not a Camp Rock one :|
Great find on the kids' drawing app!
naaa bro, i've got the burn! You lookin' for some hot though? Cause I got it aaaalllll (;
Madison Pharmacy Associates > A woman’s hormone profile is as unique as her fingerprint.
Ben Croft wins in Salt Lake. #SpringBreak Pro/Am is only one month away. Will Kane be back? Don't miss the excitement!
Watched Breaking Dawn twice. Great job to all of u. I enjoyed it. U look great even with ur shirt on. Peace!
Can't wait till the fall. Running out of New Girl episodes to watch
Drafting u in all my fantasy leagues, since you are the league's most valuable tweeter..
can't wait to see you there!
listen to poema!! :) you'd like them!
Took down the cva show today. Starting to prepare for another.
For those Browns fans that follow me I have a Browns Inaugural Game Framed Panoramic -September 10,2000 Bengals vs Browns for sale. Get @ me
dkjsfdisgfids, lets meet.
mhmmmm good weekend??
You'd have to dumb it down to work Mel. Your IQ is too high for them.
well then I have to prepare you for the roars I let it. People have literally poo poo'd in their pantsies
I actually don't. I just refrigerate. The food in the pic is also for 2 ;)
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
So far is the best iPad app I've discovered. Easy to add recipes from multiple sites and keep organized.
thanks Jon, I thought hard about them so that means a lot to mean :-)
I knew that, and I'm an idiot anyway. I love the Dark & Stormy so much
Guess exploring the India Mkt. maybe its vac since they were in the area OR looking to outsource their IT lol.
My heat issues continue. It's supposed to be 80 today. Waterfront run might be in store after class.
Why is everyone fighting with she's so sweet. Like wtf is wrong with people nowadays?
Oh man I forgot to put my piercings back in . Well this is gonna take a while -__-
RT : More comedy tonight ! Comedy Revolver is tonight at 9 - join us for a mix of stand-up and improv!
What a life! I will not tell a lie: I would love to join that family business. xo
Anti-marriage equal. folks already put "gay marriage" into vernacular. So they still have "marriage."
Freedom from oil changes!
": I bet a good 99.9% of all OKC fans never knew they were once Seattle S.Sonics LOL just first game chill" couldn't said it better
The people who dream are very often the people who see, and dreaming and seeing precede doing. – Margaret E. Sangster
[Ben's Beers] Sierra Nevada Ovila: awesome wannabe trappiste. 10.4%. Carton Brunch, dinner, grub: New NJ brew, glorious with a burger. 6.6%.
In other news, I spilled my Guinness on a guy and he was super nice about it. Thank you, whoever you are, for not being a dick.
thank you sir!
Is it bad that I didnt wanna raise a fuss for fucking my order up in Arbys because there was a FINE ass specimen in there? *Eats burnt fry*
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: Thou Shalt not ogle guests with physical attributes dissimilar to your own such as claws, fangs, wings, etc?
ill be your best friend !? :D
Good to see the pirates get a win in 12 innings. That's 1.25 games. Extrapolated out, that's a better record than .500!
And who'd believe that Forbes, Grant Writing and Twitter would lead me to you?
Why are the ugliest people on twitter the rudest?!
Great tip from a pro in the field. RT : J-students: learn screen scraping. Essential skill for the future says
I hear unlost is where it's at.
Thank goodness Irene did not come near Central Florida. Praying for our Carolina friends. Be safe
Just got my lip busted in a basketball game nd had to sit out with 14 points 7 assist nd 5 offensive rebounds
Ouch! I hope you're ok!
haha hardly. Due to softball today.
I used to date her.
beech grove
omg,i never wanted to stay in me bed so bad lol, my mom comes every 5 minutes and im ike 5 minutes, 5 minutes...
Ok, you 2 still owe us a hug! RT : grub was fantastic. We're telling our friends. Well be back!
#Schine, The Three Weissmanns of Westport. Somewhat overrated modern recasting of Sense & Sensibility, set on the Long Island Sound.
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
Was at Eve 6 tonight. Will be there tomorrow. ;-)
Finishing "day" with coffee on State Street and tonight (7 pm) with presentation w/ UW Madison Ag Business Club to promote
we will have no quarrel with scienas boot
I hate when my tweets are about love.
it's just such an exciting thing - filled with lots of emotions - as you've shared your life journey with all of us - I have
Virginia Beach is a wonderful host to NFBPA conference!
#Icriedwhen I saw the pain you are going through.
Despite not being able to open PDFs, I was able to finish my proposal draft and article critique.
A quiet Saturday working is like the best ambient music, savoring the silence where the music of the ringing phone might otherwise be.
Moments is amazing <3
Is John L Smith hiring so shocking? Was a 3-yr assistant w/ plenty of head coaching experience? Plus, FWIW its "interim" cc:
Thank you! Glad you like it. RT zomg the new site is AMAZEBALLS. The fulltext books _great_ for anthropologists. Bravo!
It's official! As we previously reported, Raven Symone will be taking over the central role in Sister Act The Musical starting March 27th!
Now, #Pinterest is everywhere. How to get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips]
Do you believe in miracles?
GCF. Have fun with Codes ;) cake reunited. So cute guys! You guys are in LOVE. bromance! just have fun and partayyyyy!
IS IT ABOUT HIS MOM OR SOMETHING COS THAT'S THE VIBE I'M GETTING
God damn, The Vampire Diaries is a really boring show...like One Tree Hill except one of them happens to have fangs...
Hazelwood necklaces can be a great help for babies with reflux.
Keep banging them jointz
Boys who smoke >>>>
please do not my make duplicates of this page !!!!! thank you
first interview done for Jenna Schnuer
DC food bet would have to be Ben's Chili Bowl
#PeopleIWantToMeet my all time goal is to meet you! :D
Emily mom got it herself!!
To me, all the ones in today's date stand for everyone who has ever fought and is still fighting for our freedom. Thank you
I want a happily ever after with , I hope that seriously happens. <3
actually traffic is dumb .
Currently experiencing the glorious joy that comes with taking a risk on an unknown headphone brand and discovering they have perfect sound.
I'm actually doing good so far!
#Luckiest! ": You got kissed by Belle. #Lucky"
we had an hour long workshop on linked in and blogging- soon we will be looking at building FB fan pages with WordPress.
I Know that onions arent the only vegetable that can make you cry okay I think Getting whacked in the face with a potato seems to do it.
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had.
why :o
Reminder......If you're ridin' ahead of the herd, take a look back every now and then to make sure it's still there with ya.
GOODMORNING BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE , HAVE A WONDERFUL AND BLESS DAY.
Crazy coincidence. Am just now listening to a live Rent Party ('09) "Dont' Take Me Alive". I think DF was in rare form that tour.
thanks for sharing!
MLL Champs!! Congratulations to the from a former dance teamer!!
I've always hated birthdays.
Thanks for following! You an audiophile? I used to work for a few LD and builders.
Cause you're always beautiful in the morning
Reminder friends: I tweet about all things of interest to me & think it's worth sharing. From veganism to my tech clients. Hence ...
I helped another actor book a commercial on Friday! Feels good to help others and particularly actors. Probably have helped 1000's book.
You, too! RT : Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters:
lol told you! Best phrase ever
Journey to careers is the most pointless class ever. We do nothing.
just realized that im a horrible texter. I kno sum of my followers b lookin like wtf when they c me tweetin but i aint respond to their text
mind=blown.
how was it? Better than Jonah Hex?
It's liquid people!
The sky is the limit
Just met triplets, that was fucking weird
Enjoyed "Lola (Live 1979)" by The Kinks on Pandora
Oregon's helmets
Don't worry! Not even #snowmageddon can close the #library!
Wait... they're saying it's going to get up to 110° today? Who are you and what have you done with Portland?!
i don't know what to tweet to get you to follow me :(
Be #thankful if not this time,maybe next time.Don't feel down and out.There is something better waiting for you.You will succeed.
RIP Whitney Houston,
get in touch with thomas adelman he has a movie that you would be perfect in!! he is a producer in LA
Did she write 'Cat's Eye' (I think it was called?!). That was such an amazing depiction of girls' friendships.
Dear evsryone who retweeted us, I wobt be able to #ff mention you. I am so sorry. Tweet me that you rt us and ill rt you for the
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
Thanks for making it out on Wednesday!
#Trust your instincts
VA is a southern state if you live here. Visit me in Amherst/Nelson and you will agree.
Big weekend! UFC 126 and the Super Bowl. Live music tonight! We'll see you here! Save some room for fun!
The cause of your pain should be explained and corrected, not covered up.
That's why you would have her in a kennel. :)
#FollowYou is such an amazing video! You're part was especially amazing! :D
Freedom of speech amendment rights and just being their selves I'm pretty sure we do things cause we want to not for acceptance!
wow, bringing up my sunburn issues... <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+2764>
tattoo shop with tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
People who say "I DIDN'T COME FROM NO DAMN MONKEYS!" have obviously never picked up their underwear off the floor with their feet.
While little sister occupies the bathroom getting ready for work, I'm getting my history on with clash of the gods.
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with you and your dad. You need to see our program.
Does your mom want to see it? My mom does! We could do fish fry again at Hollander in Tosa and see it at Mayfair. Let me know!
Not top 10 is the best way to start Friday!
. Georgetown. But only if it's Georgetown Liquor Company.
The average computer user blinks 7 times a minute, less than half the normal rate of 20.
Watching mission impossible with doesn't want to watch it with us :( boo <3
My luv for people who talk loudly on their cell phones in public and the harmonious sounds of tambourines are in my mind... synonymous...
wow smh you pay attention so well
beer and pizza on my couch
yes i did thank you but you still didnt talk to me as much..
Whoever knew rendering an anthropomorphic ball of yarn would be so time consuming???
High expectations are the key to everything. - Sam Walton
i miss you guys soo much :'(
That's quite an endorsement from someone with award-winning hair according to
So what happens to now?
What about a giraffe??!
Having sex with the person you love
I HAVE MY UNDERTHEMISTLETOE CD :) I LOVE THE PICTURES IN THE CD
good morning Austin. <U+2665> I know you're excited for today. :)
Gotta keep the #PositiveReinforcement going :-)
#lxchat RT : Yes, my company focuses on producing site-specific performance. Basements, gaols, heritage buildings...
the grizzles not about to lose on their home court tf
I Would Mostly Die 4 u
I feel like getting drunk and playing rock band 3 today :-)
Hiball is the only energy drink without calories, sugar or sweeteners of any kind. It's simply delicious.
I am cooking up some killer designs as we speak
and Portland makes a desperation and pointless 3 pointer as time expires to lose by 3 instead of 6,
I love how the Tom Brady one pissed off all the Patriot "fans" guess the bandwagon is still rolling
science is a dildoe.
Quotes from Alan Moore dissing both the potential readers and the creators of Before Watchmen...I'm almost shocked.
Snacked on a delish snickerdoodle this PM nothin else to report except I'm hongry for another.
In 1996 average internet usage was 30 minutes an hour. (Audience laughter!)
Maulers timeout with 1, _1_ second on game clock
All smiles this morning happy its Thursday.. , one more day! get you tickets already!
Smokers are likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS!!!
God helps those who do *Not* help themselves :-)
Long walks on the beach with the devil.
#JOHN CENA IS SEXY
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" @ thanks girl
Rider beware: traffic, and therefore buses, on the verge of apocalypse
Storage Unit June - Renting a Storage Unit and want to stop paying $50 to $150? Place your cool stuff for AUCTION with BId Daddy Auctions
Negative ghostrider. The pattern is full.
Oh man. Hope that you heal up quickly! You deserve, at minimum, a 5 yr reprieve from health issues at this point.
how hard is it to make grape drank, sugar water purple!
I'm really fucking itchy but I can't find the source of the itch, I hate my life.
I'm at a funeral, maybe I should address that.
#HowCanYouExpect to learn something when you already know it all
Thanks for the mention !
I just really want to meet Jonathan Toews.
It's possible that Colonel Tribune might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
We do too :) RT : I love Hawaii
Good Monday Morning! Time to rise and shine!
Live band playing right now at
thanks, great job to you guys too!
Don't ever graduate!!!! The real world kinda sucks. I wake up every day wanting to go back to college
Tossed and turned all night last night. My chiropractor is going to be so mad at me. My back feels like I was run over by a truck :-/
Going to have some fun over the next couple of days !
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
Haven't Been In This In Awhile
Are the tastes complimentary?
anyone else not happy with the twitter changes?
All you Tweeters saying "awesome!" should re-read my Tweet. I was saying that NOTHING is happening, which isn't particularly awesome ;)
well then I shall see your pretty face soon!
Happy Birthday!
any chance we'll see you in Milwaukee or Iowa tracks this year?
No? More » Post from: TheGloss
He is a freak, sure would be nice to get some big fast targets for whoever our QB is next year.
I'm still wondering what the countess might have said...
Blazers, indeed.
Recording bass & guitar tutorials on Ustream.tv
Throw "online website" into the ring with "ATM machine" and "PIN number."
having the whole bed to yourself >>
Lindsay Lohan is a really good parole model.
U kno its cold when ur girl opens her legs and the heater kicks on...
And they already messed up one of the most hyped up games with cheap, cheap fouls. So stupid.
This fucking guy did it again! Let the damn email program do it's job! Don't send an email and stop by 40 seconds later.
haha no doubt!!
..came across Good Shephard Charity Design Project blog...saw u were an organizer, then found The Teen Project PAD...impressive
I would tell you to go to hell, but you can't follow directions!
Just saw a spot for 'An Evening with Yanni.' I actually struggled thru 'The 30-second commercial with Yanni.' Can't commit to an evening
The Easter bunny got me chocolate cheddar popcorn from Disney World. I am a #happygirl :)
WMYB comes on the radio and my mom and I just start rocking out. ahahaha x
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYSPIKEYMIKEY happy birthday ! hope you gave a great birthday! love you<3
lol you will be just fine! :)
I'm sure someone at Cobra can take care of you. cc:
Best I Ever Had by Drake <3.<3 #GoodSong :)
#nofilter.. But you've got on full makeup and fake eyelashes. Oh ok <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> stop it
March/April Horn Book Magazine Starred Reviews
im at work lol just tweeting , wat about you ? why you woke
Hey Greg, we need a photo of T Gwynn to run in a 125-yr anniversary special section, but don't want copyright issues
Prof. Cudjoe has the floor
Pandora needs an option saying, I really like this song but this cover of it is horrible
Seriously! And now I live in sunnier climate, so it'll probably happen with more regularity...haha
what's worse is when they ask you for them.
Actually, it's me all the way from Wisconsin. Sorry...
follow back :)
Crazy! What was the trade?
it'll be fun! and it's an excuse to get silly in fancy clothes!
im quitting twitter. BUH BYE. love you all<3 ill probably fail. but whatever. byr for noww
Thanks so much for the RT! It's really cool how the community comes together to help.
my liffeeee. Waste of gas.
We can correct the world :)
forget about the papers. Music is more important lol
RT ": I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.”
w/e you say :S
HA! We'd love to add him to the group, but I hear he's afraid of his own shadow. :)
my understanding is they embed entire source audio and not just preset handles.
Haha, the bargain bin. You look great BTW!
lmfao thats the worst part man
Getting ready to go to Portland for a conference with two amazing SOURCE actors!
Roofs closed on a beautiful day...whoever makes these decisions is a
i'm really emotional. i cry at the thought of One Direction sometimes. should i see a docter about this? omg.
Good morning !! I will be following u all day 2day!! R so proud!!
I absolutely love it when you just randomly stop texting me in a full conversation. I just can't tell you how much I love it.
I refuse to believe Im tired. Only 4 hrs of dancing. There's time 2go2 the gym but I think the bed wins tonight. Oatmeal 4 weekend it is!
Come to Indy now we miss u
...if you live to be 100, I wanna live to be 99 so I don't have to live without you...Pooh Bear (one of my favorite philosophers :)
We can discuss it or not. Saying you don't want to is clear. Restating your position on the way out, not so much. But...
“: The awkward moment when you’re trying to get over someone you never even dated.”
You are waiting on God, and God is waiting on you. Give Him something to bless
did they find out who took it
Cheers ! Celebrating BB Otero and 25 years of excellent work Centronía provides to the community with
Not impressed with Apple's new OS Lion. I for one am looking forward to their next OS incarnation. OS Tabby.
It took me four months, but I finally taught myself how to climb onto this damn chair that Billy put at the computer.
I had a dream that my closet was full of 2% milk. I swear I dream the weirdest stuff.
Anyone out there cut the cord on cable? Thinking of trading in cable for , , & Wife'll need some convincing.
Oh. And then I just saw your whole exchange about it.
i hope u had fun on the scream tour and happy new year. im also srry for crying on u at te meet and greet yesterday lol
“: Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.” damn skippy
Nothing really. I'm just not in the mood. I apologize.
thx so much for the website!
talks with and the about assisting youth and striving for excellence during a recent visit to D.C.
I'm a cat person.
I get verklempt just knowing you're on Twitter. <3
and i deserve a i <3 skip bayless shirt.
I'm sorry I was out of town. Did I respond to your question?
Promise me you'll remember that you're mine.
Springtime Stories is being held at the German Branch on May 10th at 6:30 p.m. For all ages. Pre-register online or call 271-5144.
stop spamming cunt
hey what's cracking with you today
This place is overflowing with blonde cuteness.
OMG thats awesome :D
it's both! LOL what you watchin boy?
Would much rather have Gus Johnson and his passion instead of Nantz and his fake, canned "enthusiasm"
When my landlord tries to raise my rent, I invite him over to listen to my neighbor hocking loogies in his shower.
Chimera's face was PRICELESS
When you have so much to do and you just lay there:) #ihaveaheadache which means i am not moving.
Not really. Walk to much is the real problem. Not use to being at the hospital.
oh. turns out the girl that was singing (horribly) was the girl that got "Made" a couple month ago on MTVs #Made. lol.
If people say something about you, judge you... Do not get affected! Remember: "Dogs don't bark if they know the person!"
good partying with you last weekend... from what I remember at least.
Spent the morning going over formations and basic tactics for 6v6 soccer.
if tune was in bucket, still couldn't carry! There is a hole in my bucket! ROFL
Going out to eat with mom an taylor :))
Beautiful Tennessee morning!
Insomnia is winning tonight.
hey nate- your page should be working exactly as expected now. sorry for the delay and thanks again!
i dont have any videos. but i can email you a song. whats your eamil?
Hi Ottmar, sorry to see that your Back Stage blog is close, I enjoyed it very much! I hope you keep writing.
#nomnom is right! Did you have dinner last night or do you have a reservation for tonight?
So dead today
It's my mission this summer to read and finish 50 Shades, so excited.
i woke up this morning with that girl by all time low playing in my head...couldn't resist listening to them this morning
LISTEN-IN & CALL-IN "LET'S TALK SEX" Dr. Rubinstein hosts Lou Paget BlogTalkRadio.com/LARubinstein.com 6/25/11 10:00 AM EST
Sorry Borlin, Twitter says your site may be unsafe! :(
Sweet shirts on your website! Can I send you w 1 of my ADD shirts as a thank you for sharing the ADD quote? No charge.
“: So the Bills drafted a CB that's raw. That's far - FAR - from the worst pick so far.” They are going to love him!
i know exactly the technique to which you refer. i have 3 cats that do that. i call it the "flopperton"
Well it does not have to match exactly. Try moving it a bit in the room or in different places in your house.:) TY
Press that button please! :) #SHOUTOUT #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Must Follow
Totally exhausted, but we are in the new house. Still not completely OUT of the old house, but feels good to be here.
for #TSContest: A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
SY’s co-ed kickball league starts on 6/3! Email for more info.
Do you believe that creating your own donation campaign would help your #startup ?
Are you building the MZ empire?
In The Canning Season the F word was used only one time, but I remember it because it seemed out of place. Gratuitous, even.
Watching Max's face during judge commentary! I thought he'd go postal!
In order to make fans like me to continue to approve of spec racing, is to allow for diverse engine rules.
your late night tweets, while entertaining, suggest you may be sleep-deprived.
Vinnie Chulk is in the major leagues.
I reffering to possibly some news on Nestragel, possible news on VIBEX MTX being ahead of schedule.
Montana or Oklahoma?
You'll get offers sent to your phone while on the GO! Up to 1 special offer sent per day from different places in the city. Ready..Set..GO!
Birds of Paradise! My mom has HUGE ones growing in her back yard.
Purple pink orange sunrise
Read about “Learning with Gadgets: Teaching Persuasive Strategies through Student-Created Infomercials” in Communication Teacher at...
State lawmakers pushing to raise age limit from 18 to 21 if you want to buy smokes. What do you think of the proposal?
GRAD STUDENTS
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT!!!
Anyone else see the irony that our #railsconf lunch pies were cooked in an easy-bake?
Try to buy in your community
I always say that! But no one knows what I'm talking about. Haha
True enuff!! RT Holy Fuck, you can substitute Greek yogurt for anything! I'm currently shaving with it.
21 Jump Street was hilarious!
As long as you don't water down your booze.
wow i thought he was smarter than thag
I feel like something is going on.
Question from : do you ever regret ur decision to wait until marriage to have sex? I'm adding: Do you wish you had waited?
Saying YES it is then, I also found taking her to Anthrax when they are in town helps as well.
I wanna be at the beach with right NOW! BOO :(
Good points on Q2.. Moving to Q3..
good morning to you!
I'm back from overseas just two days ago. Can't wait to catch up!!
Nice, solid run!
I will always in my mind be the best in the world :) GN
Feeling fancy listening to Sarah Vaughan eating raspberries.
online place to watch???
I'm thinking about watching some mad men on Netflix....
In celebration of #ToniMorrisonDay I will give you 5 reasons why *The Bluest Eye* is my favorite book of hers.
has new hair, and he looks damn good
You know what you should do....? :D LOL.
do they BBQ in CA?
haha thanks its totally awesome :D p.s. i like yours too XP
I never loved someone i didn't know until now <3
#alamw12 bright and shiny faces at the careers-in-federal-libraries @ placement center. Come learn about #newfeds and fascinating jobs!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3r
ah awesome ::) I want to make a actual fansite but I don't know how :p lol
Are you at home for when the boys get home or do I need to bring them here?
RT Happy Mothers Day!!/thanks a bunch :)
Of course! Gotta be aggressive to #getrecruited Good luck!
Indians aren't having any problems with the Mariners...
excellent session at #digiday - perfect closing for the day. Thanx!
How do u spell perfect? A-U-S-T-I-N M-A-H-O-N-E
Excellent. Let us know how well they go down.
Of course!
Would love to see a case study when it's implemented. See direct message.
Haha you're welcome! (:
Baby I'll show you sweetheart.
It moves really fast...
ok pass it on to Melissa and roni :D
Think Kreider wishes he was back at college? NOT!
I wonder how long this Michael Jackson as a user pic thing is gonna last. I also wonder why they arent tinted green. Is that over now?
while you're talking behind my back feel free to bend down and kiss my ass
We're compiling a book for the anniversary. What were you doing Sept 11? us. All proceeds will go to charity
Love it!
I feel sorry for your Mother...
So ready for this starbucks half off frappuccino happy hour thing starting tm! I picked a knew frappuccino for everyday AH
Ha ha! Today, I've been struggling with "your" and "you're". Oh, and it's one of my biggest pet peeves!
better than pulling out a shiv...
Food portion is CRITICAL 2 controlling caloric intake.
Don’t wish it were easier to wine over, wish you were better.
that bit is funny, when have i ever lied to you?
More 7 evil exes ! With Scott Pilgrim !
I need you to give me a quick lesson on twitter...seriously can't figure this all out! haha!
I always feel so much better about my face after I get my brows did.
wow he seems cute ur cat crazy :O
Ah shit here we go wit these fake ass calls
Last night was crazy, made new friends. cant wait for next weekend.
Lol! Struggling artists.
is this going to be your break out game vs the terrible defense you're about to be going against?
What u up to this morning???
Powerful Dreams Inspire Powerful Action.
Awkwardly hiding behind the living room door cus I don't wanna do chores lol
We are working on getting a new promotion schedule ready. We hope you have enjoyed our freebies. Any food promo suggestions let us know.
hope u and Austin are gonna be ok in this tornado storm
KRod...ouch. That sucks.
We stayed in the Gaslamp Quarter over 4th of July. Tons to do there, too.
I appreciate him keeping team here but other than letting Moore rebuild the minors he has been terrible owner
I am having the toughest, silliest temptation resistance EVER right now! The tempter: Fast Food. Lord give me strength to make it home!
Very windy day here in #GrandRapids. I hope the branches over my house hang tight
i wonder what im doinq after homecominq ?.
Great wine weekend. Recycle bin at home looks like a small restaurant just opened.
Thanks for the RT Christy! Have a great day
All explosions, no substance, don't trust him not to destroy a franchise even when inheriting a slam-dunk (TMNT)
Lololololol WHY AM I SO WEIRD.
Working dj shadow tonight
I have no place to stay tonight.
Long Memorial Day Weekend coming up! Sweet.
I'm working on it. You think fans would come?
“: Black Swan crosses $100 million domestic gross today. Congrats !” Congrats co-star !
I just saw that in today. Hoping to go! It's been a while since I've seen you.
you're welcome:), bring her to 1st one of these days:)
Got the toes right today. Spring is near, short hair, new figure, new apartment I'm feeling fine. :)
at least your outfit coordinates with your sling?
aaawwwwwwwwww! Not many puppies could top that!
I am super frustrated that I cannot legally download #OnlyTheHorses right now, because I do not live in Jolly Olde.
My cat just woke up, licked my nose then went right back to sleep <U+263A> lol
I had a great day with tori and katelynn thanks for paintin my car!
Day 1: truck needs work. Know any certified weldors?
Resource of the Week: Amazing Animals of the World, includes facts about animals: where it lives, what it eats, and more!...
#SteveHarveyMovie----I haven't seen it yet but yes I am a DREAMER/MAMA'S BOY~BAMM
Happy Halloween! Remember we have tons of deluxe/specialty strip on lashes to put that finishing touch on your costume. Be safe!
RT Its been times when I would write a research ppr and short hand %80 of it
Like blonde blonde.
after the fact? No thanks!
:( Ouch!!! Stupid iPhone elbow! :) I'm sorry you have that pain, I think I'm developing it too. I copy you a lot don't I?
If the Government really sent people to jail for having credit scores less than 630 (Boss' suggestion) the world economy would collapse
If you add, "we will just go to ice cream without you," children become geniuses.
Thanks for coming too the #HealthyHairMeetup and spreading some love and giving healthy hair tips :-)
LOLOLOL puff the magic dragon was the answer to the puzzle on wheel of fortune
Asking a cab driver to "be less bellig" in his driving style is vague, unhelpful, and condescending.
I have a GREAT new job as a therapist at BACA!
This girl's ass... jesus.
Everytime sees your tweets, she gets upset bc you aren't following her! please follow her!
at least he was on for 10 min...people should be greatful for that
Totally! It was easy to get excited about the book!
yes ah!
That'd be great. I'll pay for it with the lottery money I'm going to win after being selected to swim at the London...
I'm going to stand by my decision to drink before the gym. In fact, I think everyone should do it.
Food! I knew I forgot something today! Had plenty of coffee today though.
#forgottenartists JoJo- leave(get out) and Too Little Too Late.
great day you?^^^
I'm great! You seem like have a pretty awesome band!
In Atlanta, 760 Frenchmen / women voted in today's elections- 65% for #Sarkozy, only 35% for #Hollande. Seems to be the trend across the US
I love that you use wax earplugs in Starbucks...
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
To succeed jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. Benjamin Franklin
All the goodwill Zito had built up in Colorado was just taken away in one inning at AT&T.
that's incredible! Your voice is amazing btw :)
chapter 6 is coming :)
Which ones?
No energy day this way !
very down. We'll talk
bad news from Ukraine 2day: the "Anti-propaganda" draft law 8711 (think Russia) was supported by the Rada Committee on "Freedom of speech."
"if I was you're girlfriend I'd get a restraining order."
Hey Victoria :) #HappyWednesday for your amazing day. That was the best. You perform on Have a great day. :)
#Salty. All weekend. All day
Love this weather ! , tanning for sure ? <3
#NP "THOUGHT U SAID" by and I dont know what ma girl saying but she is killin it and so is Diddy!
You know u care a little too much about ur hair when u have a separate bag just for ur hair care products
Our Limited collection two- and three-bedroom penthouse homes featuring brick and timber finishes, water views and roof top access.
M had Mi Cocina for lunch today! Dallas TX you're BEAUTIFUL! <3
Get to see in less then 24 hours...feels like christmas
IF YOUR MY TWITTER FRIEND FOLLOW ME :)
what reform? So far all I seen from u is same "richpublican" tactics. Do something real for the people. Sad
Hey, great job on the #SLP call today. Brad liked your pitch. cc
heading in b4 the mashable gig. Had a late night last two nights. I will be at the show floor tomorrow all day. Dinner Mon?
If Cal and UCLA are any indication, we coulda rulled the Pac 12.
This is the worse Black History month ever!
S/O to have a good night iight
I think I have a bad SD card
250 #FREE biz cards based in #Lexington, MA! I checked out & you asked for credit card & $10 bucks to ship. #Boston #Worst SCAM
Fasten your seatbelts boys and girls.
#Awesome rehearsal tonight. Our gigs this weekend in #Birmingham will definitely #rock!
There is no fact than this more sadly sure – / The poor's best friends and lovers are the poor. (1850)
Outer JAMMED approaching I-95 (College Park) - overturned vehicle blocking two lanes
So adorable!!! I love penguins! Amazing photo!
Still up watching crazy movies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> missing a certain somebody.
We recently launched an all new Photo competition on our Facebook group
Taking bets on Peter Onuf's choice of tie -- Will it be the Dec. of Ind. or T. Jefferson Portrait?
Grr. URL goofed up. Stay tuned.
So close. Yet so charred.
follow back!
Come to a discussion about Mifflin with Alder Verveer on Tuesday March 27 at 7pm at the Madison Senior Center, get all the inside details!
#haveablast best shave I have ever had... hands down.
#foodiechats grilling tip - always clean and oil the grates before putting anything on the grill
For #Rent #HumboldtPark Apt Spacious 2 Bdrm 2627 W Division Hardwood Flooring, Small Pets Ok $900 #Cta Min to #Blueline walk to
I wasn't alone. Who do you think took the picture. That would have been really sad....hahaha!
can't wait for your show in Minneapolis in May! saw the promo @ Epic niteclub last nite - nice!
Don't use colored envelopes @ Christmas. Letter might get mailed faster. Red & green envelopes have 2 be sorted by hand not auto
How fo you want your day to be? I want happiness and laughter.
He's versatile???? RT : Why is he rapping he's a singer?
whats good people
Ohio State has again ascended to the top of the men's college basketball poll, taking the No. 1 spot in the API Rankings.
"Great managers believe the people they manage will create a better future when given that chance." - #ALAconf closing speaker
#BeforeIWasAMahomie there was no1 that inspired me NOW i have YOU
Of course!!! I am so proud of all of you for getting this together! :D
oh just kidding!
hahah! I thought of this question this morning and now I can't find the answer anywhere! Driving me crazy!,
We will try to get out there as soon as we can thanks for looking that up for me:)
I think I'll cry in tears if Alfredo followed me, he'llknow when the time is right, nothing is impossible
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Good Am world wake up & smell the coffee, every day you wake should be a day of success... Keep negative folks out your game room
Yes, after reading your blog, I, now, understand. A heartwarming story. Thanks to your for saving a warm heart.
Uh... Are you serious that you would go?!
Why is he attacking your friend like that?
any updates on blackberry 10, new devices and new direction from new CEO?
bye -Thomas
For something different on day 3 #LTNY, stop by the TyMetrix booth 120, and ask us how we can help you assess AFA suitability
You use to live alone?!?
Our colleague, Dr. Mark Van Stone, is going to be there!
Can't wait to hit the road with to St. Louis! Friday can't come soon enough!
Thanks for the #FF mention!
"Six fuckin' years!"
Proper nutrition is all about providing your body with a balanced mix of nutrients, minerals, and vitamins
groceries for my family : Tank of gas : What’s the most expensive luxury item you have bought recently?
I'm perpetually 10 min late like my life depends on it.
you are a promoter?
do u have facebook??
Back at you.
Just finished runnin on the treadmill. I told my mom I couldnt run anymore & she said just imagine waitin for u wen ur done
hope you have a great time in Boston! HUGE fan of your work.
Congrats also to alum/faculty , , , , Carl Maraghi, Xavier Davis & Steve Wilson!
...I'll release two new demos next weekend! One for my new single coming out the following week and one I'm just currently working on now =D
and we're back!
thanks guys and thanks to you too...
you fault.
i hate it when my guy friend (who i really like) starts talking about his
Karl Rove calling the Eastwood Chrysler ad "Chicago-style politics" convinces me of one thing: Karl Rove knows nothing about Chi politics.
Who are these people you are following that are mad about Instagram? Instagram isn't owned by Apple.
Funny, I actually watched this earlier today
Registration is open for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Start with 10,000 chips, sign up until 1:40 pm.
Sitting at #TSW2012 at #NCSU getting ready to listen to presentations while scoring biz plans for #UF competition. Busy day!
That's great to hear! I hope it works out.
you don't have nothing to make up! You guys played your heart out. STEELERNATION The REAL FANS LOVE YOU GUYS
i think that ive been holding this in for too long and i'm at my breaking point.
The biggest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Lovin basketball this year
I've never been a bigger Colt McCoy fan.
RT "Sit with a stranger and listen to them speak on topics you know nothing about. Be inspired."
sucks, huh?
Nothing like finishing dinner just as the #SportingKC game starts. Too long of a day at work if you ask me.
I wish that I knew some way to hashtag the drop in this song.
The hashtag didn't work on the last tweet, but you get the idea.
I see looking fresh !
Hey Reco I still want you to come down this year Nov 11-13 and be apart of LS Fashion Wk bring it!
*wipes crust out my eyes* good mornin' :D
I've barely caught any music at SXSW, but it's been cool meeting everyone that knows me through the web. Lots of great folks out there!
RT you're nasty
Same woman now complaining about ugliness of Crocs and Uggs, while praising velour track suits as awesome
Having dinner with Mom at her house.
I Just Want to take trips all around the world That's All I Really Wanna Do
That's what I try to do. Keep showing off that beautiful smile of yours.
#Saints DE Will Smith, other suspended players, appeal to
Guess who has been my fantasy stud QB this year?
Donald Driver and Katherine Jenkins will fight for mirror ball trophy victory on #DWTS, IMO.
I don't think I realized your daughter was an actress! How exciting and wonderful. Happy belated Mother's Day.
Sorry, we spoke to soon! Both stores will be closing as of now, sorry for the inconvenience, but stay safe!
Buncha niggas at Think Like a Man. Only what I expected
Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulders. I don't want to look back.
"A walk along the beach for there are those who cannot walk."
General Sorenson CIO-G6 talked about streamlining app acquisition into contests with 30 - 60 day sprints for deployment. Good luck.
Congrats going 50-states 6-day in prime-time on Sirrus XM ch 125 I hear the sounds of
Anyone have decent ideas for lit. mags to submit poetry too? Would like to test the waters, so something small or mid market would rock.
i was just so buttered bro haha
I don't know what this is all about but I want to go!!!
It's funny because it's not true at all
Wait, actual Cheap Trick -- not the Cheap Trick Experience?!
This is true. :)
she's got mad talent!
The only way you may correct the bad things in your past is to add better things to your future. ~Shiloh Morrison
I am absolutely emotionally exhausted.
anybody watching grey's anatomy?
Super Bomberman was tremendous. I lost a lot of hours of my life to battle mode.
Otis redding Live in Europe on vinyl... Just saying, friends.
Come on! Fans have to support when it hurts too. ": Manu & Tim out tonight, I think Im done watching until playoff time. #Spurs"
In Your Trap, I am a more
answer... Well you're nice and talk to me like I don't suck dick for money.
waiting for #Paulmccartney #grammys hope he doesn't embarrass me.
Raining day so alternative exercise is chasing dust bunnies!
have more fun. trust the process. don't give up.
Had my coffee, had my kisses.from.daughter& hubbie, now ready to ninja kick the day off right!!!
can I be in the movie?
I love walking into places and being told your eyes is low and u smell like a pound. I'm like good.. bitch... Mission
Rome, Rome, Rome, Run, Run, Run, Well, Well, Well, sick, sick, sick. Also, happy for u about the interns! You def need the help
Just enjoying the sun in DC! Happy 1st Day of Spring tomorrow everybody!
Come warm up with some coffee or soup and enjoy a day of Playoff Football! As always HAPPY HOUR is all day, everyday!!! fb.me/cablecarpub
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeye's over that bitch wendy. The funeral is at k.f.c. You going? Im taking the subway
i gotta split soon. who wants to drive to seattle with me?
obsessed with my new #kingsizedbed starfishing every night
and earthquakes & Tiger Woods but I couldn't make those fit the photo.
Nice meeting you too, & thanks for re-following. Would it be less intimidating if I had said five feet twenty one inches?
agreed! It's a new era > “: Love how Braxton and Kenny did the big boy drill before the game!”
FINALLY! If they mention you before a break, that means you're soon. Ish.
hell yea hit me up soon
that's the only reason they are ahead of the trade deadline. he bitches and they respond.
Wow those are some really sad looking kids
#FridayNightLights in Pilsen tonight - big game for Cristo Rey Boys Soccer, going for the division championship vs Northtown!
Looks like #Uruguay for the #CopaAmerica. It's been fun to watch on
so don't follow. this is a nice post.
Red Skelton once said to crowd that Helen Hunt had found a purse. So any lady that lost a purse, go to Helen Hunt for it.
any chance of you offering stems for shutemdown? man that song slams bro.
Lol well it worked
I guess it's time to retire my old driver's license. We had eight good years together...
Nikon Store's email offer this week ... wait for it! It's ... "FREE 2nd Day Shipping!" (Hard to get all hot and excited about that one)
See everyone tonight at the MN State Fair at 6pm! That's where I'll be on stage at the bandshell! :)
The fastest way to put cash in your pocket is to save money on the things you do every day!
What class in July? I'll be there from 7:25 am to 3:05 M-Thurs. When's yours?
i want to see you. send me an sms
the starbucks on campus isn't bad. There are tables and chairs open
i hate fake shit and fake people are even worse you got people going out of their way for you and not one person has something to show lier!
still awaiting tweet back. i know he's busy but i just love you ryan!!!!!
someday I'd like to have a real housewife of BJ
I normally would've liked that play, but Chalmers hadn't hit anything outside all game
Just contracted a gig 2 give a preshow talk 4 an Esperanza perf. Gonna wrap her in2 a mini-jazz bass history presentation @ Lehigh U, 11 Oct
let me tell y'all. I'd be DAMNED if I ain't walked over there and got my purse.
I wonder what it's like to wake up the morning after ordering hundreds of deaths. Such insecurity should kill a person from anxiety.
Hey, stop watching nascar!! The 8 o'clock news is about to start on PDXTV channel 12/49.
“: Holy crap the #Colts drafted Andrew Luck?! I am shocked!!!!!!!!!!!” me too!!!!!! Totally a shocker!!
HEY EVERYBODY!!!! :)
Strong 4th quarter from leads to victory #44 for the #gospursgo in Toronto. They get one night off before another back to back.
RT : Q2) Do you feel your web based delivery of content has improved over the past 3, 5, 10 years? Why?
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work......
or not? lol
You might be right, she just might stay, but boy would she be missed. Highs in Cancun all week, mid 80s.
Goodnight all!!
Thanks for sharing. Privacy is my concern and the reason I'm at/in this webinar.
#shoutout to one of the coolest people that I've ever met:
and have a great bet goin on Not a fan of the jets, but think Beadle would do something killer on the billboard
:) I love that song!!
Societal norms have changed and now allow for female fandom to be more
2cd drive for first team offense wide right missed fg
Just made 25 Dollars yay me
not me...that literally was a nailbiter!
BREAKING: The Red Sox got Robert Andino out. Just a little bit late.
Anyone have agood accident story? We would like to give away free auto services to those with the funniest story!
I want to Try Sum SO Badd now!! I want to Cum to Texas!!! =)
Thought of the Day: Faith keeps us together:)
So many great ways for actors to network and meet stellar industry people - The Actors Network rocks.
Pinky & The Brain <3
Seems to always play the same character with same disposition
I fucking hate the west side avenues. They are so fucking long.
Waited patiently for your tweet! Thrilled you are back!!
Quote of the day: “There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
Item two (on my 30 things to do by age thirty list): learn to two-step
Maryland sports will dominate this year!
Q: How can you tell that there's an #accordionist at your front door? A: He doesn't stop knocking even after you answer.
We are so thankful to have wonderful supporters like you! Merry Christmas!
tonight should have been the last time we see Ryan Franklin in a #Cardinals uniform. right now he's just taking up a roster spot
is there a Skip cameo?
I know! It's my first. I've been told it will be the start of an addiction.
IS THAT THE ICE CREAM MAN I HEAR??
if you want him to follow you.. Go unfollow him and then re follow him only when he's online ten he will follow back.
Hanging with sc crew at PAC bell park watching the giants vs brewers
This aint friday and i aint craig but dude stopped now dat we outside
Its so nice out today...i hope it stays like this
Good Morning , <3
- Yes, but you have high top table seating with amazing views and incredible food & drink included.
Yeah. The top left and bottom right are twins! :)
I know, right? I've noticed that too.
Its hard to believe we've been here over an hour and Evan has yet to flash his junk around.
Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
Like it! :You can’t focus on your blessings & your problems at the same time.The one that has your focus will shape your thinking
Mitt not look like a punk? Unpossible.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a girl gets mad at you on the field so she decides to practically kill ur toe and now it's swollen and looks huge-_-
Summer. Summer. Summer.
Hmm creepy... hahaha but that will be the best gift ever!
Welp, that was a strange game.
Where's my baby, ?
Rest in peace, Ruth Fernandez, “el alma de Puerto Rico hecha canción.”
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 4: Team members should all look engaged, supportive and affirming from beginning to end.
Martin why did you do that? Because I lost my temper..
it's now Dark brown instead of black ..:)
Always thinking of the future, never thinking of the past.
well you should sign off the chat!
It's a conservation risk assessment report - making recommendations on policies, etc.
hey , so tomorrow i have a basketball game , I promise to make a shot for you if you wish me luck ? :)
Stop in tonight to watch the #Packers #MNF game! We got $2 tall boys all night! Also, RT this for a chance to win free dinner tonight!
“: Tweets will b unlocked promptly at 12 tonight until Monday morn” stfu -.-
im extremly exited cause i love watxhing u act it gives me inspiration as well as te other cast members!
Nice to see your coverage of racial sensitivity re: DeNiro extends to the Trayvon Martin case as well. Oh wait...
Building sets today. Holy smoly! Lots to do, but my friend Jim who worked on Lost is going to help on Monday. Yes!
Enter on the way of training while the spirits in youth are still pliable.
Is it Mr. Steve Jobs?
egad - Vicky Carr too - that's right!!
If Blood Secrets by Rod Englert is as interesting as his presentation, it's a book worth reading.
Kick my ass into gear! Love is my adderall.
They have to overpay someone, so why not Rose?
judger mode, automatic reactions, blame focused, win-lose relation (Adams)
you ant ever ganna change
Just listening to the #bulls game
Scooter Bates?hahahahah
If you have multiple phones use your gmail account as an exchange server to sync contacts in both automatically (BB & iPhones 2).
Happy New Year! May you make films that inspire you and the world.
Are You Fucking Kidding Me ???? F_ck The Voice -.-
So fun getting an e-mail that your item sold on
": 111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl. 650 million are watching this Man U vs City regular season game."
That is a tough one. It does get annoying but at the same time it brings awareness to certain issues quickly
Wishing you a very Merry Christmas!
Flight attendant literally just said, "the flight time will be FOREVER, 2 hrs & 50 min."
Let's put some positive news on the Brewers website... that thing's bringin' me down!
well... There's my blond moment 4 the week. I need to dye my hair #artificialintelligence :-)
when u going to text me
I swear my twitter does things I'm pretty sure I don't tell it to do -_-
Last time i was in NY, I took the bus and missed my flight by 1min!!! Proly cuz the bus driver took a 10 min bathroom break
Chillin in Houston :)
Just as soon as someone buys us 4 first class tickets and a penthouse suite at Hotel Disney. =D
I took a 3 hour nap this afternoon... Totally know how you feel
thanks bro , I'm just recovering
Thanks for retweeting and your note. I expect some nasty grams attacking a sacred belief. But they're just in denial, right?
I don't care how comfortable your crocs are. You look like a dumbass.
burn that shit
Yall want a lyrical 2 minutes ?
ok lol will do :p
Just reading up on #SAS tips from an alum and found I actually NEED to bring my french press. Score!
damn im hungry
Best twitter app for iPhone/iPad? Still cant decide.anyone have one they love?
roflmao Enjoy the Bay!!!
Our country can't wait for action on jobs and the economy. Fight for the #AJA now OFA.BO/v7LTtc
I'm such a loner.
Beautiful day in Milwaukee! What can I get into today!!!!
my friend does that to me im like who where and theni see the perso thr tlking about nd thenim ike yeah right!!!
What software r u using when analyzing inside?
But...nice bags are cute. Er, handsome. Whatever, I'm a sucker for a nice bag.
We feel we'd look great in the original batmobile. Fins become us.
#itsTimeForYouToRealize you suck at lecturing and your teaching total bullshit
shout tout to my homie wrddd upp she been the homie for a min n been supporting much love homie
:l I can't find no movie to put me to bed either... The last one was crazy AF... Hellpp!
yes we do. Cool u wrote back, seriously. I just get fed up with all the celebs .....
our PHAME students have composed a song we think is PERFECT for Portlandia. How to get it to you for a listen? :)
Anyone else watching the #puppybowl on Animal Planet? It's a little too cute
Matt Toter with some beautiful saves to deny Delaware on the PP
wat u doing this weekend
this is a total blow out tonite. rex ryan OUTCOACHED RT : Brutal, uninspired, play calling for the
#OnceAponaTime kids were kids, not whores.
and that's why you are the awesome. And all ur bases belong to me.
king mo needs to fight rashad evens.
Now has a limited edition #SupportBlackBusinesses T-shirt. goes hard for the home team! xoxo #twitpic!!
RT : Sometimes I'm clueless and I'm clumsy, but I've got friends that love me, and they know where I stand. -Jessica Andrews
Woaw you are more beautiful with your brace free :D *__*
I LOVE TO LOVE I HATE TO HATE, BUT SOMETIMES I JUST HAVE TO DO BOTH
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!!!!
I feel like taking 2 pieces of bread & making them chomp together & talk. Then, I will put a smiley face on it! mhm, brilliant.
Can I please just meet an intelligent type of gut, lol
I tell you these females are so thirsty for my man It's ridiculous.
My new icon is credits to !
Bunkering down with my folks. Puts things into perspective when you pack up your life into 5 bags & think, is that enough to live on?
I luv this mob life!
okay it's silicone though
she's a soldier
HOLY SHIT RT Cowboy Beth Orton; Brian "Special Delivery" Jonestown Massacre; My Bloody Greg The Hammer Valentine
oh great! That must be because you are a patent lawyer, too! Excellent!
I'm playing the role of #KyleBoller today during our #FridayConversation. Does that mean I get to spend tonight with ?
Bring it. MT : Hi is telling people to connect with you from our #cjsm online course. That's good advice
I love that moment when literally all of your friends are busy :/
I WANT FEEDBACK FEEL ME !!
I know he will bring it up I believe in him. He'll do it for us. He loves us.
Your single season is a vital part of your story..the part where you meet the greatest heroine of your life: YOU. #TheSW RT
Mexico lindo with the parents hit the spot
We're glad you like the mag!
my friend Ben is working your mic tonight, say hello even though he's a man! Pshhh right
IK UR STILL ON!! AND IK UR GOING TO SEE THIS!! BUT PLZ FOLLOW ME!! I BEEN WAITING #4YEARS !!
Ah, I like that turn of phrase.
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Oklahoma City!
Who needs $500 mil when you can listen to all the Justin Bieber you want for free on Spotify?
HOLY SHIT IT WAS INSANE.
a fire engine called "Tender 4." Tender for whom? Is this a Prince song I haven't heard?
if you have a Google account...Blogger - another one is Tumblr...but is a bit more advanced.
Great PT Alumni event tonight! Great to see my old PT, who taught me how to walk again 8yrs ago, Mike Vito and meet 100 more alums
Former Tabloid Boss Brooks Faces Phone Hacking Charges
Wrote a couple of new tunes last night. Real party anthem material.
The Dictator looks like its going to be Aladeen.
Wishing all of our fans and followers a very Happy Valentine's Day! Don't overdo it on the chocolates and candy hearts!!
haha I LOVE OUTGOING PEOPLE. and you are. So i followed you. :)
Hey are you people following me back? I have to delete you if you not. Sorry but you not following me back puts a limit on who I can follow
Willow!! I <U+2764> you. I am sorry I have not replied back. I have just have had some urgent personal matters that have come up.
The New York Times Crossword in Gothic: Id Est
Thanks to my beautiful wife I'm celebrating my birthday in true Wisconsin style with a brandy old fashioned and a fish fry. So happy.
Do not feel like goin in today
Don't do it man, u'll get busy and the dog will be alone. And U have to deal with all it's health issues. Trust me bro
seriously. That was as cheap as they come.
I can't stop laughing at the Real Steel trailer.
i need a shower before this storm comes back !!
' Me too Lhh.
#wiunion is in better State today; because of our unity. Candidate for Lt. Gov. 2,025 Followers, increase his following.
Guys, there is one mention of molestation a few chapters near the end.
Solid domestic, #wine portfolio tasting with Quench Wines AZ today. Magnum tasting tonight. ;-)
But of course! What would thanksgiving be without the family? (Quiet?). See you there.
I'M GONNA DIE
Here's 1 RT We r hoping 2 liberate our Boehner & having a hard time losing our virginities. Welcome home !
Gossip Girl :D
yo even doe we have our ups and downs youre like a sista to me .I love you my little dudee
aggregated through a 30 team time share
I'm looking directly at your doppelgänger right now. And I'm on a college campus so it's even weirder!
True fact. RT : the baseball internet is going to have a stroke when jamie moyer pitches to bryce harper
Saw an article about people getting throat cancer from sucking dick.Looks like chain smoking really isn't my most dangerous lifestyle choice
Observant! Yes, I like this picture. As for my weekend, I took today off and am relaxing. Krystal's having a bbq tomm- yay!
Daft punk music video is too funny
when coming up here
coming out of the closet as a donglord 4 life!
i don't even know you and i know you betta keep yo ass in skool
too true.
why not?!:( then can you email it to me?!:(
In the basement, putting the finishing touches on a sweet new jam
thank u =)
do u watch Dancing with the Stars? Its on now!!!
anything exciting?
I don't think it's possible to not sing Climax in that high pitch tone lmfao.
are you taking lessons from Graham?
Ubaldo trade hater let me inform you of the statline for one Alex White today.. 4 1/3 innings 5 hits, 6 runs, 6 earned runs 3 walks.
Swear I Hate Wen Couple That Put In Years Break Up..Mfs Know Eachother Like The Backs Of Yall Hands..Yall Cn Work Dt Shit Out!!
Cant' believe the celt's shakeup... this is crazy, hopefully when the dust settles we will somehow be in better shape
What if we don't have your number? ;)
RT MarshieMcKenzie So your mad because I rather get money than have sex o_O I have my priorities in order my dude
: ": They lying aint no way he got shot 4 times and walked off" I almost got away with it -- lol yea
Olivia, stfu. You. Are. Beautiful. <3
Dustin Brown, you make me so happy :)
Take me or leave me, I'll never be perfect believe me I'm worth it, so take me or leave me<3
Duquette Sports Academy Labor Day Tourney team sample: Greenfield Nor'Easters, Wells Warriors (Niskayuna, NY), Pittsfield Daddy O's.
Haha! That's so true!
Join us at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival. Sun 9/25 8:30pm at the Goat Farm to see "Bob and Bob"
Ahem. I think you mean Masshole.
<~ is this a protected account ?
Is this the famous Emily Brown??? Seriously though, Evan never told me you were so talented Great article!
great set last night guys ! i'll see you again June 3rd ! <3
I just dont care anymore
Is it Bears season yet? Being a Cubs fan is rough! I guess I can't win today!
RT : This Sat, be sure to join us for ! It's gonna be an AMAZING evening! I'll be on #SaxappealRefined mode.lol
thanks for the support walid. What kind of work do you do in Egypt?
Ms. Major!!! Yes, been a long time, how are things?
new orleans I'm down but that could be scary too but I think thats my top choice.
NKYEC collaborates with UWGC & partners to establish Education Bold Goals
never seen a bigger mess of a customer queue in my life. Our bill is wrong about 1/3 of the time with random undisclosed charges.
You got a kik bro?
with the amount of former Texans we now have, you should just probably becomes Ravens fan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Bailey it would mean so much if you followed me (': <333333
are there any TrueBieberFans out there that would like to get #weloveyoujustinbieber in Trending Topics? help us out and go for it ! :D
In Virginia visiting the uncle!
Everyone start helping ! He needs 5k followers so we can watch his Survivor application video!!<U+2661>xoxoxo<U+2661>
MALA MAÑA + NOSOTROS + BARACUTANGA Tonight at SANTA FE SOL (formerly sf brewing co.) 7:30pm YOU CAN'T MISS THIS SHOW!
Yes, all 3 of ours did. A good way to get them to breathe when crying hard is to blow in their face--odd but it works.
You might feel the opposite, but God told me you was beyond special and I believe Him, so I believe in YOU! Show me your greatness!
Headed to the Opry
#OraclePrincess #dreamwhisperer - I'm always the one with no nickname!
I just crushed that finance final.
at the skating rink with caity!
My new puppy, captain sailor(:
Tonight with anthony adams at 3 brothers pizza murfreesboro
thanks for mentioning my posts!
son is the meaning of un-clutch
I learned something from that - Podsednik is with the Phillies?
can't wait to see you at ! And Norman too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
It really was remarkable. Wish you could have been there too!!!!
First there was the replay of reply to and now the replay of H vs Undertaker . C'mon way too much filler !!!
ESPN refuses to use TMZ as a source
Gonna be with my girls and my boy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
LOST A FOLLOWER Bye Bitch.
#GRAMMY'S
frank ocean?
I been having that same problem. I'm hoping its allergies
Sign up now for Speak Up Webinar: Engaging Parents' Support for Emerging Technologies in the Classroom on Wed, Feb. 17 at 2:00 PM Eastern.
OMG! I found my keys!! This is an omen. I don't have to let go of 2011 afterall.
taper jean girl with a muhnannannn haze
Stupid sealed classes. YOU ARE NOT SMARTER THAN EVERYONE WHO COMES AFTER YOU
Rizz is the media industry's savior
wait I can do better
local Caps fan about to win another Alms race for Getting warmed up for 24Lemansrace
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Wanting to finish the big painting of Kyoto. I'm thinking 5-6hrs more.
So far so good
Delivering 250,000 meals to Osceola County Schools' central warehouse today! Stay tuned for pictures :-)
Chris Hansen Band feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy next Monday at 7:30. All ages, no cover. Check them out!
and no i did not bake said cake i am not i bought the thing and it will be delicious. i did however cook the soup!!
I know but fan sounds better in the sentence.
Before you consider buying a new puppy, you want to consider these 3 things:
Happy 4th July America!!!
Nap on the couch
Who cares!
yes indeed :-)
yup... at the 3:35 mark you can see me in my yellow shirt... off to the left :)
Happy that you are following me? Yes. Thanks.
If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know, I'll think of you every step of the way.
THATS COOL. WHAT ONE?
Call me #AlumniCoan !!!
Happy Birthday to the cutest button ever I love you :-*
Alex I <3333333333333333333 not much more to say
Great Halloween night out! RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night & get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!!
Haters gotta hate, eh?
Good morning everyone !
PS what makes you think I'm your sweetie or even a woman for that matter?
Sucks feeling like you're drifting away from that one person.
Check out my art blog at www.adamchamy.com
no food
what an amazing grizz game!
my aunt askd me 2 get her sum ice water so I went in the bathrum and put mouthwash in her water she'll nevr ask me 2 get her anything anymor
Tonight's Special: Hoisin-Braised Pork Belly with Sweet Corn Chorizo Grits and a Red Wine Lamb Demi. $10! So savory, so delicious. Stop by!
lol yeah. This sports illustrated was talking about it. A hologram Larry Bird against Kobe. Lol
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
Tweet tweet tweet!
What up Big Rog, thanks for the follow!
i dont even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
just enjoyed watching the Condor direct flight to Frankfurt take off from Seatac Airport! Beautiful 767.
"Beardsoup is the only reason I'm getting laid" --Ralph. Loving those happy customer testimonials!!
Go State - please continue crushing the hopes of the ND cult.
An intimate friend knows the secrets of your heart. ~ Maria Carter
My cat didn't skip a beat. As soon as I came home she hopped up next to me and she has been my constant companion since then.
thanks for having me at GE.
Justin Bieber & Jaden Smith Release New Track for New Year (LISTEN) Justin Bieber is still going hard in 2012, already releasing a new so
"Manic Monday Follows "
": Some girls are like a phone call from a private caller... you can pick it up, but chances are they just want money."
Keep your eyes pn - he's sharp and going far.
I can't fall asleep either
thanks for following! You have such an interesting platform. Looking forward to connecting!
Shout me out. Mention me. Ill doo the same if you do it for me. (;
You guys are twins!?!
Hope you have a happy holidays Tay
Woops...I saw the nat gas leak on their CAD earlier in the day...And just had a gut feeling on it...But never got back to it.
So I figured I'd tweet about that. Because that's what ya do on Twitter, isn't it.
#shoutout to the new follower :)
"Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort"
Says voice got all extra high when he was rapping tho. Lol
Thanks Neicy RT : u can do it!!!<U+263A>(cheering u on)
I think if he's 100%. That team will tear them up but I'm true blue. :)
Happy (belated) Easter!
Hi Lesanne, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
So true! RT : Awesome Michelle. A regular practice brings so many benefits to our lives :)
My appetite for hockey is just about gone.
I'm in vegas
I fucking love you <3 I am so glad we are friends. I'm here for you. Anytime .(:
#Top10bestvideos - Justin Bieber ,, Justin Bieber omg
RT : working on a holiday is like attacking in the feed zone, but whatever, I'm not too proud.
I'm back!!! and someone unfollowed me. lol
a man n d nail shop had wedges on & my 5 yr old girl said to him i didnt know a man could wear those shoes someone said baby u live in
Do not allow method or process to halt solution.. If its not immoral or illegaly we can use your process to
did lazy Dave start his twitter account??
This saturday im bout to be at bikestyles jus chillin b4 the show, come on up from like 2-5
Nobody's perfect. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
my pleasure!
I am so excited omg! I should also start packing, lolz
Hey You should follow ! We love you.
yo dawg. when you gonna tweet? ; P hope the semesters going well.
really sucker,make me put a hit out on u
I hate sand.
RT Is this America ? A teabagging nudist who cheered shoving a curling iron into opponent's butt just won big.
More and more of my friends in the US are working for Google now. They seem to be expanding big time.
no. But I know for a fact you shook up that bottle of ginger ale before I opened it
If I reply to an email with Tout that didn't originate as a Tout email, will it become a Touted email with Live Feed info?
Don't forget to follow to get all the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
At #SXSW networking and making pals with and - man knows his burgers and beer.
definitely smart & hot!
Gay Jesus is upset (furiously emailing) about the new desk phones that we wont be getting for another 2 wks. Simmah down naw sistah!
There's music in different adjectives. Use them!
Hey, guess what. My friends go to the same high school that you went too!
WOW! Thanks for the shout out! We always make time for our fans/friends! LV to all.
Learned the Starbucks card-stealing wanker from last week is someone in the building, other cards found & returned today. Including stamps!
I get to go to Sandy Lake tomorrow!! Yay!!
I call it fate... ha! Actually, I was stalking the WormholeRiders following list to see more Gate peeps and saw your name! Holla!
3 Mo Dayz Till Boy In Detention Drop!. Cant Wait!. Lbs
Met the nicest lady on flight one out of SGF. Doris was so kind. Wishing her best of luck with new SGF church groundbreaking in August.
Brew City Bombshells return tonight for another night of dancing, music and glitter! Show starts at 10pm, tickets $10 or $7 in costume
Please Please Please ask THOUSAND TIMES Follow me Answer me or I love you too #Believe Love you my lovee!!!!!!
ahahaha I couldn't remember who used it!
Proof that it's the Olympic Year... solid meetings from 930a-500p today.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
Worst is when they show hella good food and all you can eat is a sandwich lol RT torturing yourself by watching food network when
Can't watch Game of Thrones tomorrow nite. Go Hornets!!
Today I have mastered the art of eating while driving. but it's not safe For your t-shirt :b
Cinny Cin is doing MUCH much better. She is definitely on the mend. The vet visit scared her straight I think.
messy bun? huh ? lol
LOVE YOU ALL!
I forgive, but I don't forget.
Amen, Wilbon. Amen
History refresher: #SanDiego voters rejected a 2.5% increase to TOT 58-42 in 2004. proposing to just do it anyways.
Gladys is so adorable!!!
#AGirlDeserves WHAT SHE DESERVES...
Barrera's motion passes. Most schools will not be closed!
Why are all these youngins rushing to graduate high school. The real world BLOWS enjoy it
Its on my calendar!
Open hearts & eyes see the party. Take a step home! #prodigal. Celebration Worship this morning Tell it!
Tune in to today's DeWitt Law Review as we discuss small business entities. Give us a call with your questions 1-800-329-5858
Twitter got grammar?
Coconut milk. Coconut milk. Oh how i love coconut milk.
having to go to work<<<<<<playing with loui
Taking a break from writing...shit is hard y'all
careful guys. The Easter Bunny's looking to take over both your gigs!
Scripting for Android (S4A). Nothing equivalent for iOS since that would circumvent their approval process
Her tampons are like walking around with a medium size hard penis in you all day. She needs help
Yooooo Ctfu why my son tryna fit in his suitcase so he gets up like *oh gosh oh gosh* smh lol
I'm glad you feel better its nice when someone lets you rest and cares for you maybe one day I will find somone like that
DO IT. Trucks, or maybe baby bunnies?
Hey there, (SteveSalik), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
#shoutout to the best dj go follow him
If I was magically turned into a frog of sorts, I'd be toadally into it.
You're the best thanks again. You can vote every 24 hours hint hint :)
do it! "spicy sauerkraut." My kimchee got a thumbs up from Korean friend, so feelin good.
Happy Monday! Take any tasks you've been dreading head on. There's no better way to prove that your anxieties were needless.
Thanks! I try.
RT : Nice! Just found ! I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...#take8bites #thatcamp :)
Does a Big Mac have good fat?
Only one of my numbers changed but ok tuushaay!! Ima DM yu!
God has been good.
Sleepless in Seattle is a great movie. I don't care what anyone says.
Hey! You should follow ... Awesome people!!!
That's fine...wbu? ;) RT : All the nasty johns “ Who loves me?”
cute i love u ur so pretty and i hope u reply
working bach cello suite I lots of counterpoint will be a challenge! but the allemande is the most sublime thing on earth!
Fresh off catch me at pour house!
You know you're up too early when you have to wait outside for the greasy spoon to open.
thanks for the follow Megan!
yeah that's true
Wow this defientley kicked in at the right time
I see red
Happy Birthday Chris! Have A Good Time. <3 We Love U.
No brainer... take the red-eye and return on the 7. Happy status building!
No soccer practice tonight. #couldntbehappier. Except I have a dentist appointment. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Fuck 'em homie. Stay centered and keep the non-factors out of your square.
Today I drank my 1st black cup of coffee not bad at all I thought I was gonna go into a convulsion, but I didn't. Who would of thought...! <U+263A>
Aloha!! [: I Wish I Can Put Flowers On Words !!
Even with #Vermont leading 43-29, they can't be too secure after last night's games. After all, anything can happen in Dayton
Well I'm enjoying my night....
Gates is very unimpressive to me.
oh alright. its all good thanks anyways :)
Absolutely; and there are important variations within fields (more/less theoretical lit crit) [+]
Albert Gray~The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work
Looking for guest blog post writers. Let me know if you are interested. :)
hahaha be back in two days. :P
Lol where should we go for our honeymoon?
Enquirer Media is hiring for more people on my team! Digital New Business reps - send me message if you're interested.
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 1O
Niggas bought skateboards, scooters, bikes, rollerblades................all because of Rocket Power..
the more pics u take of your self the more distant your taken yourself from a good guy, he can be right down the street and you wont no
oh my goodness! I'm so sorry! That's sad! :(
don't worry they will (:
Spending all day w my mom. Whatever she wants to do, I'll do.
I always note where the nearest exit to escape disgruntled, gun-toting employees is. Wise where there are tech servs libns.
no don't yamel and he said he only called you cause he was tryna get ahold of me cause I wasn't replying to his messages!!
What's the distance from a poll that electioneering isn't allowed? 100'? Definitely not being followed/enforced at Randalls by Steiner Ranch
Leave. Me. Alone. If you don't I will crush u like the cockroach u are.
r u going to change ur band name
Merry Christmas from Karaoke MVP!
Guys, it's almost 8 p.m. and it's still bright outside. I'm concerned.
Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus => Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon, motto of Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
what cho number girl?
Marty: Slept at Beaumont paper. Building was old, dark, empty, lotsa old machines. Felt like Jason Voohries lurked around every corner.
Ooh... That sounds interesting... Thank you.
Greetings from Grand Canyon Natl Park. What eventful couple of days, hopelessness to hope w/Gov Hick's special session
I really did not know Jonah Hill was nominated for an Oscar.. Wow. From superbad to oscar nominee.. #getit!!
T-cap over<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
yeah that whole voting thing is so flawed
....what do you think of your boy Upshaw now as a Ratbird?
2nd Saturday was a Huge Success, Thanks to all the SNOCLOTHING Fans that came out to support us and Buy Clothing!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
There are worse things to rip off, at least.
In-kind. Thank you for asking.
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
I just created a fun Australian character for Youtube...nothing dark and sinister I'm afraid, more blonde and stupid...ie funny
“: My temper goes from 0 - 10 in less then a second therefore watch your words with me”
damn, never fail
Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet? I looked at SAK-7781 but that is marked as resolved by an unrelated issue?
No, but Michael Mann will be coming soon. Perhaps we should have on for every episode in that series. :)
This is one of the most dramatic #EPL days ever. I'm going to need a drink soon. I don't care if it's not noon yet.
Baseball playoffs start tonight. Who do you want to win it all?
Mental note: figure out all the trumpet parts from Miles Davis' 1958 Newport set on guitar.
How great to run into you yesterday, in Charlottesville. I'm glad you're doing well at UVa!
you know your bestfriend loves you when she breaks into your house and steals your credit card to bring you lunch at school(:
Did anyone else just feel a rumble like a small earthquake in Arlington? @
Last night I actually sang in a Gospel Choir in front of a group of people. It was strange , but exhilarating, to say the least.
make us proud!
Lovely weather. #summertimeChi is almost here!
i put up my 1d poster
I'm also in Kentucky -- warm today, but going to change; time to find someone for hot sex...
I'm so torn about this.I hat the civil liberties violation as much as I hate the stupid 420 gathering.
SKorean retailers halt sales of US beef
Car Detailing Services Buff Up Their Web Presence on LocalHood.ca - PR Web (press release)
Founders: If you could have 1 hour with anyone to pick their brain about your startup, who would it be? Reply with your answers.
what r u doing for NYE? :)
Homemade dough & sauce, 100% mozzarella cheese, locally bought toppings...We put lots of love into everything we serve: Our Difference....
We have at least one sheep in labor, possibly three.
Its almost killing time I better get sharp ...
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear you ARE the father!
don't normally listen to the radio but forgot my ipod today and discovered the 2oclock break on behind the breaks, I'm in love!
You're welcome! RT : #FollowFriday Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
78 degrees in Chicago I am starting to like climate change!!
thank you snooks for not tweeting ur fans to follow so and so and retweet and blahblahblah like all the other celebs I <3 you!
Good game....good game
Mention this tweet and get 15% OFF all Parts & Accessories through the end of December!
Hosting the Blanco II party. Get here early.. Live on the mic and Let's get the party started..
Against The Law?
changing my old ways in new ways 1 day at a time.
pretend that said at
It's a very nice day in Austin, hope you all can get out and enjoy it!
#EverdayIThinkAbout Being Blessed To Be Alive Each & Everyday , <3 :)
I have to find quality help soon
No wifi?!?!?! You need to get that shit checked out!
LMAO I think the same thing. Why haven't we been back? It was all Cold War bullshit
Looking for best Japanese restaurant in town? #miku across convention center #AERA12 #AERA2012 simply orgasmic
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
that moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a text from everyone else but them.
Hopefully I can get my packages from UPS today then find an outfit and shoes at the mall!!
What??! This place is crazy!
Thanks for your attendance at the International Sweetherts discussion, they were truly an inspiration
A "Bootleg Movie" Aint A Real Bootleg UNLESS "U Got Somebody Walk'N Infront Of The Camera" ((I'm Over Here yellin @ The Screen)) #N*ggaMove
Had a great conversation w/ while waiting for Men's Bible Study.
I am not supposed to feel like this all day............Morning/Noon & Night Sickness....yuck
What are you mixed with ?
"She may have given you the key & access to her heart, but she can always have the locks changed." one of those reflective days
Be careful where you buy your valentine flowers from. Flowers from Coulmbia are a no no - you could end up with bugs and exterminator bill!
To our new followers! Tag us in a post! Check out our facebook! Lets get this going!!
Just had a crash course on Jacques Ellul, who told us 30 year ago to prevent automated stock trading and the MSNBC/Fox News dialectic. Oops.
I still need to buy tickets for opening day #Dbacks :)
<<< Making it a blockbuster NITE!!
Probably shouldn't be reading Ian the basic steps to become a PUA...
time for a bonfire!
i meant "hear, hear!"
Concert was amazing!
just cooling wbu
whats going on thank for the follow. What city you in
for sure we will! Being on a Saturday is gonna make it crazy!!!!
#games The Drip Game
Practice with music director
just saw a flyer on my fridge that says is playing in LA with #libythth and on May 5. THANK U TLEILAXU <3
So sorry I wasn't able to make it to the #NYWIFT breakfast this morning.
Straightening this hair then sleep. Peace<U+270C>
Everything in life is such a gift
Enjoying a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich at
truthfully I just want to get home.
#Directmail and #directmarketing is alive and well we just shocked it and the heart is now beating again. Thank you for your concern.
Holtby, I love you.
Such a great reminder Shelley!
LOL Wat the crew doin for St. Patrick's day?
#Kings offering “Black is Back Pack” starting @ $199- 4 games against the last trio of #NBA champ teams, MVPs & the reigning scoring leader
i loled. jello sucks when you is old.
Get out and Vote,... this is a very important election!!! Please make a difference.
I miss you too punk!!!! How ya been??
If you're OK with increased taxes, education failing, roads & bridges crumbling...vote Republican. At least no marriage 4 "the gays" right?
Fuck I'm doing awake?
I respect girls who are heavier than others that rep like they're the baddest bitch in the world. They can see the beauty, why can't you?
And you too!
Freezing cold? Yuck. Overcast, but feels muggy in East County.
": As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones."
i feel really uncomfortable right now... but i'm SO GLAD to be home :P
the tube us gonna suck tonight. #Phillies played already. The stupid #NHL put 3 game tomr. nothing tonight.
Listening to Ella & Louis sing "The Frim-Fram Sauce" while revising my script "Dear Dios" ... Ah, this is the life :)
the way $fb stock price is bouncing- along with the media coverage shows how silly mr.market can be. as buffet says, its not a teacher!!
Oh hell yeah I just got my account back!
Me2 ": When folks complain about their jobs but won't leave or do anything to change things that gets ME mad."
HE \y hey hey pls tell me wut u think of my backgroung and my profile pic !!! thx!:)
I'm donating money today to www.DoctorsWithout Borders.org If you can plzz do the same.
Nice acceptance note via e-mail today. A mini salve for the crappy weather we've had for the past three weeks.
My dog just fell over her own feet xD
lol, I would own you at that game ;D
In the Midwest its the Packers Bears. Hands down!
can you get any cuter, make my day and follow me? <3
Why is it that everytime i go on twitter, #monsters are tearing people apart?
Members: Putting together a newsletter for consumers. To be included, please post your news or events to our website by noon Monday.
Great news//RT Supreme Court revers redistricting ruling santafenewmexican.com/Local%20News/N…
nice .. obviously I'm watching family guy
RT : One thing I can give and still keep: my word.
Ladies, you should smell nice when you're
Congrats! RT : So excited and exhilarated to be a part of Wharton MBA2014!!! Livin the dream!
It was actually much better than I expected. Really smart writing.
High af I swear
very reasonable haha
RT : Fun #TechMunch panels on brands, PR, blogs, publishers and great views at Annenberg
He's so hot, he's on fire! The hottest news dude in SD... really?
cause my mom is stupid.....
Who didn't see this coming? Tragic but expected.
got any suggestions for a great year-end #fundraising email? any new angles?
Don't be afraid to mix it up with patterns and colors...be bold not boring.
RT : Hey! On which panel at the RIT conference is Glenn? // social media, 815am. You going Mark?
I do the same when I make lo mein. It's the same stuff hah
The lasers are alive in ! on at 10:45!
Thx to whoever tweeted a line from Golden Girls theme earlier. Now I'll be humming that and thinking of Bea Arthur's man-voice all weekend.
It's National Sleep Awareness Week. Getting enough shut-eye? If you have insomnia, don't resort to sleeping pills- too many side effects!
Great workshop at LGA today. Thanks to everyone who participated.
I managed to see none of the award winners at Sundance. Did see many amazing films. One more to go.
Yay the family and I are off to Disney in April NIIIIIIIIICCCCCCEEE.
100,883 points in Temple Run! Lol I'm really bored so ya. That's what I do when I'm bored... play something really random:)
Correction: My college roommate's #altack! career is wife to the heir of the fortune. Sorry for being such a noodle
Essay on someone I was destined to meet.... Someone help mee.
I love going through old pictures!
We're curating a "must-follow" list for #SXSW to engage in the conversation from #DC. Any suggestions? Stay tuned for more this weekend!
holy shit is your mom a medium?
is rolfcopter a term i should know? I do not. :(
LOL!!! Cheers to that
Memorial Day: time with family, BBQ, fun - but thanks to the PBS program for reminding me of what Memorial Day is meant for... Gratitude.
that's great though! Helps for good acting too!
Can't get enough of this soul food!
We love United, we do! We love United, we do! We love United, we do! Oh United, we love you!
Atleast #Drake will keep my company.
BEZZ BELIEVE GOES SO HARD!!! HIS MUSIC AND HIS GRIND ARE AMAZING! HE IS THE GREATEST IN THE GAME #TEAM DBT
ok, well what is it?
Exporting part of scene 1 edited from the rehearsal! Stay tuned!
Prepare yourself, 12 days. #SpeakEasy. Get excited people.
Happy New Month Oakland!
Yes, Chris, it would be so cool if it was my job to make movies. Every day. On set, or planning to be. I want more.
American exceptionalism MT Before all of you complain about the lack of rights for gays in America, look at the Middle East.
I already changed the direction of my ceiling fan. I'm not changing it back now.
listening to #AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape for the first time, and may i just say its AMAZING!!!!!
Oh, so kind... *blushing*...thanks! RT I wish I was . Seriously. She's that good and you should follow her.
I was bout to say Haha..its been a minute since I have tho.u Ight?
haha well we need to do it again sometime soon! it was so nice seeing you again
Hey U coming out tomorrow right? Or are u still under the weather? LOL :p
... bumping some Gotye to get back into the swing of things.
Sure. DM it.
Yes, I'd love that! :) (and hi Linsey, so nice seeing you here!)
Aguado is on the case
is happy Lisa realizes that Lauren really needed to experience the magical, sophistication that "you've never seen before."
I did!
I wanna see what his reaction is lmao
sounds like so much fun
Everyone needs to learn a proper way to manage stress in their life
Darn my old job for not giving me my check on time! Thank God for working at forever 21 though!
Taking pictures with >>>
Hahaha, I'm assuming was there with you then. I keep hearing people say that she's prehistoric...
you keep it for now! Don't share.
Want to know about sponsoring the first ever Pittsburgh Vintage Mixer - a vintage vendor fair? Email us!
real ninjas troubleshoot
Quote: "If there is nothing you need to do when you wake up in the morning, then you will probably end up doing what you want to do."
Love working with you!
that's nice, hope y'all have fun, where ever y'all go, :-P wish I could go out but its late! :-\
You're welcome! We love Lee and Low and !
If I was taller and jacked I would play the shit out of rugby
Happy International Pillow Fight Day!
Anytime! Love food questions!
notebooks are very nice things to have! do not be disappointed my dear.
hot ass track
Should I rock true religion tomorrow or Rock & republic
Really looking forward to the event today !
here we go again..
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Hate ... it's like nougat
Finishing Lost is like saying goodbye to someone who maybe should have gone long ago. A relationship you had to see through.
yea i just generalized that its a more useful feature to reduce shine/reflection than increases pixel density to make it crisper.
#ImHappyWhen I make money
RT : Shouts to all the peeps that came down to or we're already there. I was on cp time.
S/O to for the follow I'm returning the favor with #ATX LUV homie!!
why not
Sappy bitch
In soo much pain D':
Almost 500 followers. Thanks for the interest everyone..
now you know how i feel
This might well be the case. Although it would be a pity, as many of the most insightful posts have come from "amateurs"...
The word "Aloha" has such a deeper meaning to me now. Who knows, maybe one day will be a tattoo.
I need about 15 of your holiday roasts to get me through the year. Please sell them year round. Or send me 15. Thanks :).
thank you. I'm glad that after a year, u are still following my work. sincerely heart felt.
#MiddleFingerUp to my haters.
finalized my custom domain name for my e-portfolio. thanks to & for reliable service & clear directions!
Great, looking forward to it.
We need more #feasting! I'll be your best frieeeee-end!
Vinyl Hours Radio on now ! :)
shut the front door! i didn't know u were on twitter! u could help me. i still dont know what i'm doing here.
go 4 it! I stole it off someone else! Let's keep the thievery going :-D
:c Y u no hold me all night long?..
If your gonna be something, don't be a dick rider ..
God the #saints are cocky at home. Can't wait for everyone to annoint them even higher this week only to lose at tenn next week.
Good luck TJ! RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!
I wanna watch star wars. I've never seen it :(
*white people magic*
There are only two more days left in our 54th annual sale! Hurry in to get some great deals!
this made me laugh so hard <3
That's true, Sarah, if it requires so much concentration that I KNOW I'm watching a show, that's a bummer.
No twitter for a while. . .
Wow amazing hike, even included some rock climbing.. Got dark on the way back but thankfully I ran into some cool folks to venture back with
We need event host sites! Send a message, for further details.
Men can be hoe's too.
Did he just say he bout to come ova..come if u want Yo ass gon b outside..wanna b a dog I'ma treat u like 1 <U+E105>
The Fibonacci sequence converts miles to kilometers—for each number in the sequence (miles), the next number is the same distance (km).
Watching NHK news and can't help but read the names of the deceased as they scroll across the top of the screen...
praying for your happiness hope that you recover.
I wouldn't say that you a hoe, just made a hoe decision.
My faves are No Idea and Elevate!!
soccer. Ugh. This one guy is standing right behind me hollering. I'm about to say something.
Congratulations Mike!!
waiting until you do *less* travelling . . . seems counterintuitive
all that matters is that one person who would do everything to be with u
Bathrooms at the forum equal a sauna full of piss.
It's too bad a dick like Nick Saban is rewarded with a national championship.
When a boy you used to talk to just becomes ugly haha.
If your band is interested in playing with Bernuda/Creations/Adaliah on Friday, April 13th @ The White Rabbit reply to me!
I'm afraid wed b found out! Hehehehehe. It sounds like a lot of fun to me:-) id b willing to take the risk:-)
My God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above!!! <3
just a nice relaxing 10 mile run :) how bout you
If you love someone put there name in a circle because hearts can be broken but circles never end;) RT
Well since I don't have to wake up SO early tomorrow, I'll watch the stream :-)
I wish more people recognized the importance of PEG channels in providing locally relevant content and preserving regional history.
I voted for him!!
my personality makes me beyond beautiful. It is not what's on the outside but it is what's on the inside that makes anyone beauti
Yes! RT : Congrats to , and for running an awesome campaign of twitter shock and awe yesterday for
what's that one?
“To conquer oneself is a greater victory than to conquer thousands in a battle.”
#moverslongisland is waiting for your requests! need a quote? estimation? call or write us! office working until 9pm!!
(In Leadership) The oil can is mightier than the sword ~ Everett Dirksen
is he the eye doctor? Your Korean mother would TOTALLY approve of that, right? Lol
Girls Living Life On Purpose, Inc is gearing up for another exciting year. Still time for parents in DFW area to register their daughter.
Job seekers: whichever email address you use to apply for a job is the email address you should check regularly. This should be obvious.
whats going on w my team ? :'(
Great way to start a weekend, parking ticket 4 plugging the meter....
i thought the final was 15-14??
You guys at must have fascinating chapter meetings.
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
I so misread that shit lol .
Horton and Gregory Campbell to the bruins for dennis wideman, 15th overall pick and a 3rd round pick in 2011.
A sad day. 3:00 2/14 My 12 year old Cuchuhah, Reuben passed away. I hope he's running happily in Doggie Heaven right now. He will be missed.
well if we can't get it altered, I think that's what I'm going to have to do! Haha oh well, at least I'd enjoy it
8 more to go
Somedays, you're wrong. Somedays, she's right.
playing halo obv
Thanks to all those who participated in Hamptons' Home Movie Day this wknd. Photos coming soon. See you next year!
#FF for setting up some nice press interviews for my health care in the cloud initiative.
I love how I always end up playing DJ at parties.
is researching tax issues surrounding CRATS- charitable remainder annuity trusts!
RT if you saw Marvel's The Avengers !!!!
Basketball tickets are in hand. Barring another parking ticket, this should be a good day.
Nickk,! could you please follow me! i love you !you inspired me so much<333
and now Chapman whom we thought was NOT available is now throwing in pen.
72 Dolphins also Miami..... hm
#HipHopEd Is it too late to propose a cypher for a roundtable at AERA in Vancouver? Lol!
Wondering how many men are making women officially mothers at 230a on mothers day just sayin'
Thanks for the Tweet! I was homeschooled, too. All 12 years.
people who dont know that story might get the wrong idea...haha
Vote for your fav restaurant; ballot enters you into a SD HOME GARDEN FACEBOOK drawing for $100 gift certificates
Never seen a man cry until I saw a man die.
I wanna thank you for being here for me!Im crying my eyes out!Now i really do feel ugly!/;
First time in the history of the world that the words "smile" and "surgery center' were used in the same breath
Thanks for the follow... nice ink work!
Reader: You're doing it wrong. Me: No, you are. Or at least, that's what I hear in my head.
Teaching abstract class today, using magnolia blossoms as jumping off point. Pics later
Funniest American Dad EVER !
Brandon Stockton or Oliver Simmons...
The Jets got Tebow...Dreams really do come true!!!
Archive sessions for HHLib conference day 1 should be up today (as per Susan)
RT No credible sources are confirming Yu Darvish signing. Hang tight Rangers fans
Have you ever met Gary from Evanston? You're an outside-insider over there.
Don be mad
just making sure c:
no i cant throw money in sues dey denied me...i might fallin DOA
gets me there, but sometimes it takes it slow.
awesome!! Good luck:) send some my way!
Got my 16 credit hour schedule of pure awesome today. Needless to say, it was a successful day.
Ugh saturday needs to hurry up and get here alredy so I can leave on the cruise and hit puerto ric
pretty sure all is fine. i think we are both going. we are even planning wardrobes. haha.
Eww! I hate when I can see someone's crack when they sit down! Put your buttcrack away.
ONE WEEK TIL BASEBALL!!! The world is looking a lot brighter, kids.
im soo depressed now:(
My friends putting me down yesterday saying I will never meet and he will never notice me. <U+E058><U+E411><U+E107><U+E407><U+E023>
Correction: To donate to the American Red Cross, text "redcross" to the number 90999.
Paul George : a beatles super-fan?
Fear not, paultards...your fearless leader is conspiring to secretly steal all the actual delegates. Onward!!
It feels great to be respected amongst my peers. :)
3 days..then back next week. Fyi--have phils-cubs tix May 17.
Headed to school now! haha im SOO #EXCITED!! :D
3pm time for and
Keeping and with the is the ONLY way we're gonna get to a
I feel the same way. Before I was just panicking about exams but now I'm overwhelmed with an awareness of how sad grad will be
So wonderful Glad your day was a pretty spring day too. Tonight the crickets are chirping!
Facebook business pages will soon look like profile pages. Nice!
Sexy pj pants dude at the bar. Planning on sleeping over??
2 Bs so far for my first 2 finals.... I'll take it. 2 more tomorrow!
nice! What did you think? You like us??
MAKES IT EVEN BETTER
no, we didn't win the award ... this year! Here we come next year!
Who ever said I wasn't?!? They were blue and resembled Zoë Saldana & Sigourney Weaver. Could've been worse. :)
Really excited... Get to see Blake in action tonight.
Students shouldn't count on teacher responses outside of school day. Teachers have a life too.
my one-eyed kid could do that.
Well I love them more than you and
can't wait to jump in the action with Food Truck Wars
Then don't get on twitter for like an hour or more and go study. You have work to do. (I sound like a mother. Lol)
Which iPhone app do you use the most?
It's better to cry than to be angry: Anger hurts others while tears flow silently thru the soul & cleanses the heart.
Heading to #Schmooze PDX tonight. Hope to see familiar faces and meet a new ones :)
Austin. Is amazing.:)
Big thanks to Mark Fabiani, Carrie McGonigle, Bill Lansdowne + Dennis Morgigno for leading last night's forum. Miss it? See
A whole week? It's gotta be better than that...! :)
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God Matthew 5 v 8
can't wait till the18th is coming to indiana for the #WelcomeToParadise tour super pumped!!!
peeps ridin with or thru can be a smooth, reckless, dark, blinding sun. pot holes, slippery slopes, icy, foggy...keep drivin!
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted growth, faster. We want to slow down- so we can become better.
i cannot wait to leave this city ... 2 more weeks
Ball so hard my tonsils hurt lmfao.
Merry Christmas everyone have a beautiful day :D
Shook sum dude out of his nikes 2nite!
RT : You know i really want to forget... But if i do. How will i remember you?
- Huge thanks for restoring the power so quickly on Bainbridge - always appreciate light/heat in the morning.
I just love how my YouTube unsubscribes to my favorite people
no, I agree with you! I was trying subtly to deride further by adding 'impactful', which is my personal peeve.
My mom just said 'LOL'... *facepalm*.
Even if I was interested in Doris, I don't think the feeling would be mutual.. : )
you are so sad, you can't buy a team. Don't give up your draft for one guy. Who will protect him? David Carr all over again.
great! Thanks for the references!
Happy New Year everybody!
“Slow down and enjoy life. It’s not only the scenery you miss by going too fast, you also miss the sense of where you are going and why."
Im saying , I'd never wear A gucci belt if it wasnt real lol
Everybody go follow she follows back everyone! =D
i told her if i change, she wont get a penny-Lil Wayne
duh!!!!! i may have bought 2 just in case me and you want a pizza party before 6/30!
RT Blackberry & iPhone. Phat pockets! Reminds me of the 3210 & pager days. Why did I keep both!
The #MotorCityStepShow would like to congratulate the men of Alpha Phi Alpha on 105 years of excellence!
i lovee " a song for mama " thats my mama ringtone , lol :) that song makes me cry !.
We got married last night. You must be mistaking my Siwon for another. Lol (this is fun...)
really it isn't broken I'm so happy now! Thank you 4 telling me that!
#Libra is happiest working with others & often found in business with their spouses. They often need another to review the events of the day
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.~Shaquille O'Neal
So the spread is 3 points to the #Giants. I think the Giants are gonna win outright #super bowl
Don't forget the Chris Christie mall!
Obviously spelling while on Cuba Libre and Ginger Ale is not my strong suit. "Nice to me you at Stan's".
No condiments? No way! <practice safe lunch>
A fiction writer could mot have penned a more bitingly cliche nickname for a trader who lost billions of company money.
You should write about us! We're working with several universities to help engage students on their online events calendar
Great lunch today!!
its time to step ur game up
I was gonna pull a double tomorrow to help a sister out when she needs it rullbad but now I'm not allowed to. So I hope the mall burns down.
the iPhone 4. I have to tell you. It super important.
This lady Roseanne Muller is here at Chamber Music Roundup from San Antonio! We used to play at UIW together!!
Swinging and reliving my childhood with (:
They say that love is blind...too bad it's not, it sure would help.
what! U shoulda came back!!!
Thanks for the follow NY mamma!!
So hard to change profile pic on mobile twitter..
thanks! we're glad you had a great experience!
The mercedes benz commercial I did is finally playing in the usa now!
You don't have to like me, I wasn't born to please you.
Fantastic to see you as well, Saif. I continue to be inspired by the positive spirit of My best!
I favorite tweets throughout the week and then go through them on Saturday morning. It takes about two hrs total.
I HATE when that happens!!
Saturday, May 5th: Kentucky Derby, FA Cup Final, NBA Playoffs, NHL Playoffs, Mayweather vs. Cotto, etc. Exciting day to be a sports fan.
The important thing is not what others think of me, but what I think of me.
RT if you love your mom <3
You should tell all your friends to check out The Last Troubadour and don't forget to have them like CGS too.
Did you know that 2 states have enacted legislation mandating electronic w/c claims attachments? 7 are pending & 10 are in discussions
Vegetarian and vegan are ancient words for bad hunter and bad fisherman
Good morning Alex, have a nice day :}.
lame, he moves people around everyday and they aren't doing anything wrong. Haha oh well
Exactly a month from now, I'm going to be living the #Vita loca.
Look for breeders via AKC. Pls don't buy from advertisers or in store-breeders that advertise are not reputable. Good luck!
Not In a good mood...
Breaking Batman? Bryan Cranston's visit to Gotham City
its on ABC Family right now
First it was Future now its 2 Chainz
Sushi Wabi is always delicious!
- No problem! =) I was at the game last night, rough one. AJ pitched well though.
Realizing that people who have time to do the stuff on #pinterest are crazzzyy and don't have jobs
preach it sister. 2012 - The Year of the Bone.
"Dont make excuses- make Good."
: Jennifer's family has used and raves about their service and the amazing deal she got.
By 2030, 1 in 4 Americans will be age 65+, & number of seniors in San Diego County is forecasted to double to 700K
Goodness. He's gone for that long??
Man its hot in here...
what ya was doing up there
Damn...i need some right now!
Artists inspired by nature paint in the open air - The State Journal-Register
Success is never the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire ~ Arnold Glasow
Shopping for an internship for the summer and it is proving to be a bit of a challenge.
u will have to tell the haters that if one is great at their job they get paid big bucks! I believe that is any pro! Right
Enjoy! It's beautiful!
that's my bestfriend :)
don't forget to follow homie...
Great to see you here Court! Thanks on the congrats. Would love to hear about your biz!
I am severly depressed - do you think knows!? dig it.
EPP's titles can be found in academic libraries worldwide, including Canada's McGill Uni; UK's British National Library; USA's UCLA.
Just walked past a playground. Children playing tag. Everytime someone was tagged a kid said "sexy and I know it". That was weird.
I wish I could teleport myself home!
I sent you an email. Dr Craig
Big birthday shout out to our main man, He is a huge part of helping us get our brews to you.
If we set you up with your own INTERNET Business...Could you handle it? We will teach you how to market on THE WEB!...
lol it broke my thin heart.
Not surprising, but Rush Limbaugh is amazingly callous about former NFL players and head injuries.
yo I got a babymomma & 1000. twitter-boo's on twitter but no twifey yet tho so I can't talk lol
Just trying to make sure everyone can get on the Metro in time
Now that all my #screenwriters have applied to this year's Nicholl's Fellowship, time to up your aggregate queue - oxox
Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators - If that's you or someone you know contact me. or 248.351.3813
Lock your doors is bartending tonight until 9.
lol, yes kind of like self tax monitoring
Today is Documentary Day at the Malkoff house. Some how Robsessed: Inside the life of Robert Pattinson did not make 's set list.
The news I just remembered one of my old managers told me when I was working at Walmart >>> lol
Man, sometimes parenting is the exact opposite of fun.
both tested positive, both served bans, both reinstated, not quite sure your question beyond that.
#69Factsaboutme 19. I want snake bites.
words and suffer noble sorrows.
you know who he is right :P lol ?
i LOVE it there!!!!!
My dog got a LONG dick!!!! Lmfaooo!!!!!
Mentions = Dead. HMU.
Tornado! Oh no, Auntie Em!
Not ready for school!
Hey I love that your ukulele is twitter.
William Hill Having Tough Time Getting Nevada License: Under Intense Scrutiny
Welcome back Alex Gonzales to the #Brewers Tuesday--INF Eric Farris back to A Nashville Starting a 9-game homestand
The real revolution is information, not the device. 2 things 2 do w/devices: information or communication. Alan November
Love you uncle W.C.
Headed to the and Howard University "Green is the New Black” Symposium! Should be very interesting!
Thanks for the follow. Your online customer acquisition solution seems revolutionary!
Gr8I time w/ wife & friends after
Sounds like a nice little Saturday : musta been the coaching.6 o'clock I'll be getting a beer
M delicious beers and board games.
It's an Eric Church kind of Friday!...getting ready for Hodag even if it is 2.5 months away!
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” - Dr. Seuss
hmm, maybe I need to tweet mine too!!
forgot my iPod in my car:'(
Typical all I do is get yelled at, I went out there 2do work & what do I get Fucking screamed @ &told to shut up and I wasn't even yelling
"old enough to know better, young enough to do it anyway." ;)
#yolo I don't get it. It should be #yoyo you're only young once. Half that yolo stuff won't happen after college.
#whereskel At Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, taking orders..
:) : THE JEDEYE1 SONG OF THE DAY:ROCK WITH ME TONIGHT By Freddie Jackson
Patrice O'Neal - many of your rants on Colin Quinn's show still makes me laugh me to this day. We will miss you you fat bastard.
New exciting stuff in the works....for realz
We'd love to be on the show !! I just emailed you our mp3s + bio !! Thanks !!
It's so hot in my house!!!!
Thus ends the 2011-12 BU men's hockey season.
saw Makerbot here at CES, it's unbelievable in person. Such a clever idea and amazing implementation.
Pedro E. Guerrero: Photographs of Modern Life Opening this Thursday, April 5th at Woodbury University Hollywood Gallery
And If I Send You A Message ; You BETTER Answer It .
Together we soar, social workers rock
Just had a nerdgasm realizing that and are both local!
ck out our music web site
Man I've been so sensitive today...dnt like this
's Spanish dancing made my life. Plus is Colombian and so am I, woot woot !!
super fun - enjoyed hanging with old buddies in new places. wish I had Mexico knowledge but don't - vibing fun times your way
ABC game 4 in Indy at 3:30pm on Bump day at IMS for Indy 500 which is also an ABC broadcast.
": The best portion of a good man's life is in his little nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & of love. -W.Wordsworth"
Everyone's calling for the #ElClassico matchup in the #UCL final, but I'd much rather see Robben against his old club as the title match.
I am more proud of that prediction than anything ever in my life.
- Thanks Vince. Great suggestion. I will pass it to the Chef.
You gotta dog em for them to love you smh
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drown too?" Steven Wright
Such a nice day outside!!
Allergy season just hit my sinuses like a low yield nuclear device.
Next year for sure!
What's up with the US soccer team?!?!?!?
Looking forward to Michael Kazin's talk on Wednesday night!
4 the low 4real followback so i can hit u on the dm
yeah, they all cover the volume buttons. Once burned, twice shy. Tired of volume suddenly going up/down for no reason! Thx tho!
James Hillman called Joseph Campbell "polyfabulous," or having many stories, says
May everyone have a happy My Birthday. Now go eat some cake!
me too!! I can't get enough of it!! Go #wordle ": I too, am in love with #wordle #truestory"
But current model unsustainable. I get paper copy of DMN; no one else on my block does (and it's mostly old people like me).
OH YES.
Our "Bombs Over Baghdad" design had another sale just minutes before the #BinLaden news hit. We love it!
Spencer Abbott (Maine) is still in the lead with 32% of the votes with Shawn Hunwick (Michigan) close behind with 29%!
Uploading Shostokovich. I'll just pretend this is a normal Wednesday night activity & not uber-lame since it's a pre-Thanksgiving Wednesday.
Evans Collective, then Merely the Mocs...yes please!
Eighty degrees out / magnolia, pear blossoms / where are the cherries?
Hate it when people piss you off. So fucking mad at someone right now grrrr lol.
Overheard two people arguing other day on campus about who had more money..the winning logic? "I have two louis belts, you only have one"
But I just want to be perfect like her.
no way me 2! And a couple other people other person I actually might but yeah haha
HoW iS yOuR dAy??
Now, I must get lunch but that involves leaving my house. And driving somewhere. And I don't know where to go and I'm tired.
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
ATTENTION ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS: please follow her! She's a true #directioner and a beautiful member of my #1DFamily :-)
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause it is humanly impossible to have as much swag as we do ;)
i'm visiting with my sexy girlfriend 2nite and we're getting up to no good! wanna hear all about our naughty exploits? cum chat 4 free!
anything new? I miss our long conversations :(
Thanks Jud!! Will try to come soon
I hope everyone has a great weekend! :)
Nope. That's a different Steve Aaron who lives about an hour away from me.
I love The Library song by Dancing to it right now!
On the way home and enduldging in headphones to listen to music d^~^b
Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!!
Thanks to everyone for the #FF and the support i couldnt get anywhere without my friends!
It's the first time & I talk and he's already confusing me lmao
I NEED EVERY DJ IN YOUR CITY TO HAVE THIS "GETTIN EM" SINGLE, CAN YOU GUYS HELP ME OUT BY TWEETING THEM OR TEXTING THEM?
the need for the union has been outdated for decades. #Reaganomics only mobsters & those on the inside benefit
Who is going to be voted out of Celebrity Apprentice this time? This is like the only thing I watch on Sunday night - season almost done.
Hey college girl. Always surprised to see attractive women following me. I'm curious how you found me. Care to share?
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships. Helen Keller (via )
What kind of energy are you sending out into the world? ...you'll know based on what you are receiving in kind - give good to get good!
Next visit: Grady & Big Joe Show on Listen for us at 11:30 am. You ready, ?
Live. Laugh. Prosper <U+270C>
something funny?
Thank you so much for the mention. You rock! :)
volunteering on co time can be great prof development, but needs to be an agreement between supervisor and employee.
have only listened to 1 of the 8 I downloaded, but loving every minute so far ;) you???
I think Union Pig and Chicken has a lunch special Monday - Saturday
“: Apple need to sort out the #iPhone battery life!! I've taken pisses that last longer than it!” HA!! True
Gym Day 2: Back in the Habit.
is to fucking funny!
np! and thank you! =) will you check out my music?!
Looking forward to teaching SWI tonight !
This is pretty cool, check out the homies
Time for America's family game: network equipment failure! Yaaaaay!
Thought it was a tad early for a GS run...
Stop taking pictures if my butt
Wow what a bitch.
Good to be back, work's been crazy, but I should be tweeting 2nite, watching a movie.
Sisters: they are what makes your world shine bright when it goes dark, they are their to make it all better. I LOVE MY SISTERS!
So bad ~
Notice Madonna dropped towards hell at the end of Like A Prayer.
Yes...it's getting better. I love it.
Enjoying doing these freelance projects w and her communications company !
#WORDTOSCOOB that's my shit bro and you got Bun B on that hoe
Just helped a guy jump his car. Poor guy, I remember when I use to have a POS. Thank god those days are over.
do you have any socks to wear?
Well maybe not 365 lol but it feels like it
Looking for the next Jedi...
"nosh"? Like, the Yiddish word for snacking?
“: Nothing worse than your whole family not having school when you do”
& - sweet meeting you ;)
Spotted at opening night 's Hands on a Hardbody: Ben Millepied, Martha Plimpton, Stark Sands, some guy fr Glee, et al
Haha, it's a pretty competitive program with limited space, hence the application :)
im going to make MahoneScarpBook soon, tweet me if you want to be in it, follow first! Thanks, xx
ha. I laughed out loud watching that.
yeeeeaaaah! what time does your flight leave NC?!
It's building; happy w/ the progress over last 30 days. Nothing happens overnight; pleased w/ May biz. Day at a time : )
No wonder I can't sleep... That café mocha did its job.
Meeting time, but I thought that was a thoughtful discussion And on Twitter!
Intel grows its business through I.T. in many different ways. They are:
lol I understand
learn to love Keynote
the show was great. This was actually her first time headlining.
This is why people make fun of vegans
She wasnt making fun of me! SHES MY BEST FRIEND! And you guys are making her despressed because you are taking things(c)
off to make dinner, and have a little vodka :)
I followed you
For what its worth: #Browns visited with WR's Edmund Gates, Jerrel Jernigan, and Greg Salas. All likely 3rd to 4th rounders - no 3rd now.
I yawned right before I read that xD
hey you suck!
Friday Nite Fire going in as usual!!!
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates i am so ugly < bout fucking time u noticed -_-
It's time for some lunch! If you're in the U District you should stop by for a tasty grass fed burger with some hand-cut frites!
Tanya Youtube is a whore, and no one should associate with her.
sup boo?!
have you figured this out yet Randy?
"You know -- there are good Republicans too. I'm very tolerant" at #pcaaca (seriously, LGBT rights is a bipartisan issue)
People like my pink tie ^.^
LOVE IT! Happy Easter!
hey not my fault the driver took me somewhere else
Choose your geek-ery wisely!
I look forward to it. Safe travels.
Sure is! You should have been there yesterday. Great game!
Singing tonight for event. Grace United Methodist church off Ponce de Leon- 6 oclock come on out!!
#LiveliketheLorax Get a short picture book turned into a massive money grabbing movie! Go environment!
At the Secret Cafe for lunch. Having a mysterious omelette with a side of unknowns.
Hydroxycut Hardcore Pro Series on sale for $69.99. Delivers extreme energy for hardcore intensity. Come see us at 1619 San Mateo Blvd. NE
Who's your favorite video vixen?
What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
Then again you are a cat. Maybe I should give you credit where credit is due. I've never cuddled with
If this crew can't get him on twitter then there is no hope. I recommend a full-court press on FB.
I emailed you guys, just waiting for a response back!
Eshoo: Congress has to be prodded from the outside
Nothing better than feeling embarrassed&horrible
Just had my hardest RA interaction ever with my sister the non-reader. I just want her to like reading!
Ur welcome how old r u can u follow me
so true
Hi - it's monthly, on the second Wed. of each month RT : Are you doing #designbizchat every week?
Where all the killers
Will the Sunday 3pm presentations and awards be open to the public?
Foster: forensics analysis revealed testing collusion with a proctor
FRI NIGHT @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $2 YUENGLING PINTS From 9-11pm! OUR AMAZING KITCHEN IS OPEN TILL 12am! HURRY AND GET HERE!
I love Walker's kids cause they always look like they'd rather be somewhere else.
So you've lost your center, since you don't know when? Find your bliss with some Sushi Zen! Manifest it right to your door at...
and the NYRangers! They are American too yay omni-verse!
The Urban Tour Host interviewed today in Little Haiti & Overtown by media, www.travelandtransitions.com, for story- Community-based Tourism.
lol! I hope it doesn't last all week. ._.
#swing collaborative #Conversations in perfect pitch song. © dmp
RT : iDope- iPhone Customizations and Repair is open all day. Come on in and get your fix at iDope!--> They do a great job!
Do you happen to know what his velo was?
Ahh peace and quite...just the way I like it!
its my birthday ;-)
Just got me 8 #Brewers tickets for $4.13 each! Hell yeah. Thanks
MONEY IS NOT EVERYTHING
I've had so many people say that they look forward to the movie version of 'The Faithful' that I'm working on the screenplay now.
Having some Jack Stack for lunch my last BBQ meal before I start smashing carbs in my face. I love tapering
Good morning world! Let the busy week begin.
Why any Americans were burning any books in Afghanistan anyway that accidentally included Korans? Are we Nazis?
KANT NOBODY CHANGE YOU..YOU HAVE TEW WANNA CHANGE YOURSELF
Apple software updates are ridiculous in the length of time they take. For crying out loud... finish already!
Yep. It's so crazy to me that I'm trying to will myself to believe it's all a movie and our gov't isn't really this misguided.
quite a relief to find out today's odd vibe at the end of an date was jitters, not a cold shoulder! This has promise!
Hello Laura, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
lol every time I think we coming something ALWAYS com up n ho wen did u made ur twitter
“: Everyone else in the room can see it, everyone else but me.” HAHAHA
Thank you for coming to the luncheon. I'm glad you enjoyed the pecan pie. Happy Holidays!
but I'm saying, like all you gotta do is keep it a hunnit wit me & I'll do the same.
Favorite commercial so far M&M's.
One of my fav concert moments surprise performance with at
He did not just wake me up at this time -______- but it's him so it's okay ^.^
Come by Saturday or Sunday at lunch and sample delicious specials such as sweet potato pancake, crab cakes benedict, breakfast platter!
today just did not go as planned. behind schedule all day. -_- snooze time then Vegas tomorrow. wooptywoo for that! night tweeps <U+2665>
I'm a Dynamo fan. And I was not proud to see our supporters group behave like that at the end of the game.
Just saw the #Dove commercial that said 6 of 10 girls will quit an activity bc they don't like the way they look. Powerful stat.
Hey:D This Is Danielle Soon To Be Famous Singer! LMAO.
Kobe no.8 would play for scoring title... Kobe no.24 would rest for another ring..
Let the church say...Amen. “: Good Morning!! Jesus is always with you....you are not a lone!! Sing ya'll”
ritard: there's one in every family.
im never sure whether you're just tweeting or running some smart viral experiment
Tumbs up...I mean, thumbs up to Made in Jersey
You let your kids get dressed with prostitutes? What kind of mother are you? :)
We hit 1600 "LIKES" today!! Thank you UC Peeps! Your support keeps us dialed up to 11 all day every day! Cheers! - Geoff n Ivy
- anyone want to help me paint?
Try a pancake breakfast in Fennimore with Elijah our grandson and a tractor toy show
we're also getting a ping pong table.
Re:PENN STATE; Certain things aren't acceptable BUT have Compassion for BOTH parties. RE:MASS; I'm CERTAIN YOU are F#%*ing up in some way.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Good ideas aren’t adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience - Rickover
Latin Perspective, Latin Jazz Hour can be heard around the Globe, every Saturday from 8 -9 am (Eastern Standard Time) at www.erieradio.com
should be and should be for #Halloween. That is what I want for
That's sweet! Yes, they love their signs. I imagine myself sneaking to their dorm room one day with signs.
Rock 'n' Roll!
#SXSW #cnnsxsw so wish i was going too. #darnbrokenleg!!
Great giveaway! Congrats on your blog's year anniversary!
Guess Mayweather is $32 million dollars richer than I am.
Perry's campaign has received significant funds by out of state casinos, poker legislation has been vetoed at least twice by Perry
Roland's favorite open ended question "How did you hear about our builder/comm"
We're losing to the A's. THE FREAKING A's!
hey I didn't say anything lol
LOL The taco my husband made?? That bastard! He's so never cooking for me again!
ditto kiddo. looking at title poem to try and see if it's working graphically but not seeing it. love workshop scene tho
The richest yet lightest French toast take I've had in a while Carmelized toast with yogurt ice cream and berries
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. - Albert Einstein
Hahahahahaha!!!!! That wa the funniest shit!!
I wish haha
Sugar-free redbull... Oh so necessary today.
Just tapped, Colette Farmhouse Ale (replaces No Equal Sounder's Amber Larger)
a sad day for us all... RIP vintage kitchen aid ...
Just realized TARDIS looks a whole lot like the teletubbies house. I'm waiting for Noo Noo to come tidy up.
Yall Good Out There Today?
This is why I love baseball!!
I can't believe youre gone :( why did everyone have to be so good this year !?
followed for ya!
Im at Macondo on 157 E Houston
#smokerssuck Cab color or number? Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Currently reading up on the Research Works Act - has ALA/SLA/ARL taken any action on this yet?
Willow Smith shaved head at ballet class
I'm a veteran when it comes down to having bad things happen after another. I'm still standing <U+2693> strong.
I love eating lucky charms and saving all the marshmellows for last :')
#Knicks Lets start fresh next year
Penalty called on Paul Emerick. Japan setting up for a kick.
haha well gtg, waking up early
Can't imagine how I could be mistaken for the lovely BTW, will be so excited you're out there.
ok, now i like
We still can't decide whether one of the photos is a particular aunt or one of her uncles in drag. Fabulous either way!
Sometimes 140 characters is woefully insufficient. But ...
that's awesome! Love u too! Miss u!
You're right, I don't have special occasions to celebrate ):
We love nights
haha. No thanks
thx~be happy~:)
Really good guide from Check it out. Worth the time. Follow them too. tinyurl.com/7ufahej
Going no where fast we reached a climax <3
Nathan Ryan #TWlikeyou I remember when I support for you
If you are underwater on your mortgage, don't despair. We can help, even if it's just offering advice. Give us a call (866) 326-5155
are we Tryin to have like a 25 min Bernie session were like all we do is... Bernie? lol!
Hey, do you know of a play script equivalent of SmashWords?
I am who I say I am dnt b nobody but yourself everyone else is taken!!
We love partnering with churches who allow us to see students during non-school hours.
Today, me, at the Cock and Bowl in Occoquan, Virginia. Starting at 4PM, ending around 9PM. #Music Come on out.
Decided on the bar name for once I'm rich and can do whatever I want: The Utility Barkeeper.
Hate having to wake up for school
Looking forward to your article Dr. G!
T4: Hospitals' use of Pinterest seems to be a good way of providing good info... BC it lives in Pinterest, not on their website.
Registration is $75 per attendee, a portion of which is a tax-deductible donation to the George Mason University Foundation.
Can't wait
his hairline tho you know lebron is happy
it is a bar...just stumbled upon them. Lucky me!
y da shower runnin and im on twitter
- We are an educational org. not political... thanks anyway.
Is my dream coming true!? School ceiling just fell off!
I'm sure they're great. I am entranced by the Emirates Airlines flight crew & their polished, post-colonial look.
just messed up in the head right now.
that I do, but he's not used to kicks below the waste...target would be his legs
Welcome Mitzi ! You are in great hands with Russell and his group. Hopefully you can join us on tonight webinar!
I got some person following me that said it was your second account? Is it fake??
& : I hear will offer rehab for texting injuries for all of you!
Boy,if you think you're hot,think again.
that's just awesome!
LOL“: Lebanon James worse person and country make worse team and worse breathe worse than Hulk Hogan steroid ass #teamsheikie”
Making a mole? RT I'm going to use one of my bottles of Chocolate Ale to marinate some chicken.
RT : FOREVER I LOVE ATLANTA... thats all {Amen to that!}
thanks, that's the sort of literal-mindedness we encourage in our readers.
Stay positive, things could be worse
A bad evening at the ballpark beats...most things.
I had no idea I was either. here's to coming out of the #dark!
If we find 3 or 4 others to go with us we'll have to go to a multiplex. Haha.
Does anyone know an LA-based copywriter that is in marketing, but is not an idiot?
#BackWhenIWasAKid... I was a good child and actually listened to my mommy and daddy... That has drastically changed lol
Looking for a fun, friendly bootcamp/workout group in MKE, possibly near the lake? Any ideas/suggestions?
My head says #TeamHaley but my heart says
Every moment of one's existence one is growing into more or retreating into less.
Just Steve - : YO!! All you guys headed to Rock on the Range or just Steve?? On my way too :)
for those wondering that's a podcast reference. Download the show to get the reference.
FUNNY. Thats why you were pooping your pants wondering where I was at on Saturday. :D
What day is it? Starting the NFL draft on Thursday night has me all messed up.
Good afternoon everyone! How does everyone feel about us getting a referral contest going?
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
whats your number again
Volleyball time!
Rob Wilson just played the game of his life. It's awesome to see great things happen to great people.
I wish I could learn while sleeping.
I've made mistakes, I've had heartbreaks, but ill still keep going no matter what it takes.
watching Braxton Family Value
Yeah, wuss move.
Yes, because in 2011 Pregnant girls arent allowed to tweet. We hide under rocks &use payphones. Buy your niece &nephew an ipad
Watching #laescaleratr3s what a great show! Feeling very proud of the team! Congratulations!
Starbuck totally wins. Amirite or amirite? Especially because the sexy times AFTER will be SO sexy.
Pain and suffering is something every human has to deal with but I am so lucky as an artist to be able to channel that into something good.
“: Since forevaa” I'm cooler doe. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
"You read my diary?" "At first i did not know it was your diary, I thought it was a very sad handwritten book"
If I'm going to talk 4th grade books , I must give props to Bearport Publishing.Tons of GREAT NONFICTION!
#praying RT : "Amen and Amen!" RT : Lord, bless this application!
<<<<<<< crying out for attention and not being heard.
tyranny is already winning, no bueno.
Also: learning outcomes? Sounds like some sort of Orwellian Newspeak.
Accelerating life cycle in total cost of ownership, key point in analyzing sourcing decision
lol you're silly bro
is that really true? Does any garden store sell them? Better than chemical sprays.
stuck at work and will be a little late tonight. Sorry! Bad 1st impression.
That wasabi pea that sneaked into the pistachio shell sure did a ninja move on my tongue.
About to watch the movie "Hurricane Season" with Phyllis... It's great to have a night to relax... I hope this one is good!
So unbelievably jealous. Need. Online. Poker. Back.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another. ~George Elliot
Just had a room full of students who stayed after school to get their essay done. Makes me smile to see motivated kids.
I didnt cause not all mfkin foreigners can afford those in other fkin countries.....
I just realized I was there for Carl Beane's first game, it was also my first game.
hey how was ur concert :)
he got completely butt sodomized.
": I'll keep you posted...a fall speaker in the Chicago suburbs.">>> YES! #makeithappen LOL
I think Jones is back too, still
true dattt, we have no lives in the summer....lame asses. Lmfao
Happy happy day :) I'm single hooray :)
Im just an ordinary person living an extraordinary life. #paleodiet day 4. I feel great and love
Why do guys try so hard to flirt with me... just be chill nigga •^_^•
Assholes are to be seen. Not heard.
Random fact of the day: Eli manning filmed a banking commercial at my grandparent's house in Jackson, Mississippi this morning..
Happy birthday to the bestest coproducer, cowriter and co-star a girl could ask for! Luv you !!
Friday June 18th Muay Thai Classic XXV @ JannusLive.com - Watch it on www.strykerz.tv
what's up love?
hey ya gorgeos
Hi! I'm a first semester student in the program.
Ray Allen < Allan Ray
COWBOYS WIN SAP SUCKAS!!!!! GOOD GAME ROMO! WHO'S NEXT????????
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
and the risk doesn't justify the reward in D-I
Good morning Monday! I have Ariel hair. Be jealous.
On the way to Chicago >>>
Love YOU!!
Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :)
Building a playset takes a long time, I'm 8 hours in and still have about 4 more to go but the kids are gonna flip out when they see it!
<-- #NF! #TeamFollowBack! Sounds like a girl I could get along with!
Fantastic tweet!
Are You And Bella Thorne DATEING ALSO I LOVE NO ORDINARY FAMILY I Watched The Whole First Season
MY favorite iconic boy is Vinny because he is adorable! Im 12 :) He seems sweet I love his eyes and his smile
And blah, blah, blah, never had a chance of even getting to the Senate Floor.
Peace, Love and Nyquil!
Dude was good #ashes to
Have you ever thought about how your words, or lack there of, have an impact on others?
:D and you're an awesome #Angel!!<3
just keeping the boss and the 10th floor happy.
word bro!, yea hit me up need to check it out
Thanks! What a great event! RT : You both look great in pink!
Man like just be honest.. I'm a grown ass man.. my feelings won't be hurt lol
Perry - picked after a loooonnng pause by TT
6C: HIT THE GROUND; OUR BIRDS; RADICAL DISCIPLINE; SNOWED UNDER; MAKING BIG PLANS
Got a bunch of new music ready for tonight, mostly courtesy of
Running on little sleep, and my triceps feel like they are dying so I can barely lift anything. The work day is going to rock!
Who's checking out #LAin Transmission ? Curated by none other than D from the Beastie Boys
Can't help but be a little bit surprised that traded down, but not worried.
#timewarner back online ... fingers crossed it stays that way!
I am IN LOVE WITH
im like Einstein compared to some of the people that I go to school with
Hello! My name is Beatstash. I am an Atheist and I like fish.
The lady that normally gets 8 espresso shots in her drink only got 7 today. Baby steps, I suppose.
She black as shit talk straight shit shut the fuck up <U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8>
PR is a strategic communication process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations and their publics.
Hello Ya'll....shop local!!! Come see our new Acacia Wood!!!! What a Beaut...
games got moved to 1 and 330 bus time was moved to 930
Literally some people tweet every 5 mintues...that confuses me?
I'm not going anywhere with this studying plan!!:o
Thank You. Love the Fans
Cutting off your band with authority?
Thanks, Robby! Hope to see you on the links soon. RT : Welcome to Twitter, !
for a minute i thought that was real armpit hair haha
We are busy gearing up for the Jimmy Buffett on-sale this coming Monday! Who is planning to be online right at 10am?
And there they are. The ominous Earth Fair tents and portapotties.
"He died in Cincinnati" Glee is hysterical
lol no they make me look like I have a penis XD
This is my 10,000th tweet brought to you in part by #RichardJohnson and the #JohnsonNJohnsonCorporation sponsored by #DeseNUTS !!!!
#StuffKidsDo .... Write love letters then at the end put Circle yes r no if u like me
I'm watching Big Bang Theory, I really don't like Will Wheaton.
true that babe.
Tift Merritt plays the every morning while the staff sets up here. Sounds pretty!
my mom used to do the exact same thing when I was learning to drive
good question. Makes me question their list quality!
Recovery mode..salads and water for the next month
Just talked to my mom for fifteen minutes before I realized she thought I was my sister because she said things like “I’m proud of you”
Twitter & Instagram always distract me while doing homework..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
UC Bearcats take the first game!
If u only knew how bad i want u
how long are you in vegas?
Netflix has taken more days and nights of mine than I should care to remember!
How are you world peace but hit a defenseless person...so this is what the world is coming to?
Enjoying for the third time this week. Too much? Never. Easily the best cupcakes in SD!
Waiting for BEP, watching the wall of twitter
Up thinking bout life
Bipolar and lovin' it!
Lil wayne has on a panda mask smh
Been up since 715 -___- gonna be a long day.
I figured it out now, breakin' is what the heart is for.
I'd rather stand ON Walker.
thanks. Definitely scary, but nothing taken and nobody hurt, so could have been a lot worse.
Haha, ya most studio shots we get are after the bikes have been ridden a while...
Going to the gym after a long break from it is so hard
Fire at Kolkata police hq. ahead of Hillary visit - The Hindu
Looks like it's going to be a fun summer for crab lovers!
I swear I was. But I am again.
Nicely done Flickr w/ the Ektar love. And my pal was featured!
I want to inflict physical and emotional pain on the person who gives the mugar closing announcements.
i got one
HOMECOMING BABY!!!! That's whats up this weekend!!!!
Interviewing was exactly the health kick I needed to stay on track the rest of the week!
Thanks! Bedtime ran long tonight!
THAT is the Aram and Cappy I remember from 2007...
Trying Yves hot dogs for the first time tonight. Hubby has been raving about them.
I'm uncomfortable with the fact that every bartender I encounter will discover my actual age
Having volleyball withdrawals ....
looks like someone trying to jump out the way of 44 and not bringing both his legs.
sweet avi bro Heyman Guys..lol that's classic!
ATL is so cold and they call it hotlanta - where is the hot in the Atlanta
I guess it's a no on cutting my layers today...
Please help us share our news by following us and recommending that your followers do the same!
#Caps Halpern says he's planning on playing next year
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure- Zig Ziglar
21 jump street is legit dude!! Fucking hilarious!!XD
You bet, it's Shannon Perich, associate curator, Photographic History Collection, National Museum of American History
I have the file, but I'm waiting on an email address to forward it too
my perfume smells good as hell.
I Wanna Fall In Love...... Love This Song
Started a new short today. Let's see where this one takes us.
but you also know that for every search for a savvy and hip media phd there is also a search for a canonical one. & all inbetween
Am reading Your Brain at Work. Is it possible that too much physical exercise can affect PFC functioning?
well it is an absolutely AMAZING picture!:)
IT WAS THE ALL TIME LOW FREE SHOW </3
I can't stop thinking about the events of thursday night. It's cool to hear nice things, unless you're wasted and my best friends ex.
oh geez hun :/
Happy Doctors' Day to all physicians, especially our Texas family physician members!
Come here! We'd love to have you!
Gorgeous morning in the nation's capitol.
How has not gotten his first kiss ? o.o
I actually spin more in the summer..perfect thing to do in the sunshine on my deck!
Haven't tuned in yet, but love it.
I want to go on a bike ride with someone.
My lunch is ruined
You both should definitely come to #CovertTU!
My auto correct keeps making psha, OSHA. Is bad 90's slang in text messages now an occupational hazard?
lol I know I know!
LOL WHY WOULD YOU EVER JUST RUN 11 MILES
Viva Las Vegas! Can't wait to see tonight playing w/ Macca at the MGM!
Let me set up a shoot for you guys!
Stranded on Hole 11 and I have to **
but still......haha
stop talking to me now
You ever whisper "I like that" while checking out a song or video, then suddenly feel like you were adlibing a 90's R&B Track? lol
ok but i love what your say it looks like its coming from the heart
A6) Our ability to focus becomes a sustained state of being when we work with our passion
Thunderstorm kinda scared of the loudness, but the things that are going through my mind scare me more!!!
Mother's day lunch with mom and grandma :)
yes, I have been following for a while. I may have originally found them through you!
If you hurt one of my close friends, you hurt me.
is it beer 30?
come on down! I haven't even eaten yet :)
thank u sweetie!!
New ideas percolating in [Instructional Ideas and Technology Tools for Online Success]
you have a point, but he's had a hand in killing THREE people! he's a serial killer whale!!!!
Victor. whats up. still moss you on the MLB Network. hope all is well
i keep being made fun of for liking :(
those sound awesome!
I stay up late every night and realize it was a bad idea every morning.
Finally after a day of smokin pullin yo bitch copin at the mall and partying i finally get to eat my munchies
It's always nice when the pain stops isn't it?
Text Caleb at (973) 457-1736 and say Hi! (text only, calls won't go through)
YES!!! He saying "are you serious?" when the officials miss a call! Lmao
Why are the trends so shit right now?
Got to got on my twitter shit #TeamVA !!!!!! S/O
All these doctoral students and their fellowships make me so maaaadddddddd. Grrrrrrrrrr
its been so long!
#understatement RT We need bullpen help.
Oh bummer! We'll miss ya'll at the swap! Don't worry though we'll be back to NOLA in Feb or March :)
Any horse that likes cookies is okay w/ me - too bad I didn't bet that way. #ohwell MT I'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby
you're not lying there my good friend.
when i heard ur song on the radio i was all who is this?? When i foun out it was you i was freaking out
Tough times never last, tough people do
Selena Gomez: Who says you dont pass the test? Me: Coach Hill.
yea that would be bad
This is the point that some would say "this a brand new ballgame", but that makes no sense.
rec was good 6-2 pretty good for a bad night
#bbc The introduction of a British Film Week is among proposals put forward by Lord Smith to help capitalise on "a golden period" of UK cin
11 hours of football on couch with mcdonalds =
thanks for the follow! Love that you're reppin' Boston!
ah. Noted.
Yes it does! I'm tired! I don't want any caffeine bc then I'll really be up all hours of the night. Lol.
Anyone having any FREE advertising or sweet deals in Vegas? Call us 702.979.4424 Las Vegas HCG
: down with DRM. Doesnt hurt sales. Agreed!
Women's n Children staffer says they are now seeing some 3rd generation drug abusers - cultural thing now...
Seriously FUCK MY PHONE!!!
in my dreams those 40,000 eggs would all be dark chocolate!
haha I figured, I was by you when you were in the dairy isle and two people being you at checkout!
Dad is in Albuquerque. I really hope he's wearing his "#Harvard: Michigan of the East" t-shirt.
doing work and missing shameless
Giants aren't winning today- and the cowboys have a bye do I can't watch them lose- no sense of satisfaction this Sunday.
I haven't eaten since morning
Thanks for the follow! Therese'
I'm over here dying laughing at my bruh singing Pleasure P part of Bet it up
I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to.
LOL at people who treat facebook like twitter .
gotta wear those dress slacks with the elastic lolololol. No belt lolololo
haha saw that earlier, unreal
James Harden's beard sweeps the floor with the defending champ #Mavs. Time to rebuild Mark Cuban. Bring D-Will to Dallas.
We are counting down - almost SHOWTIME!!
FREE VITAMINS! Just text HEALING to 91944
you know the person your going to marry is walking right now on this earth? Well just gonna say its probably me;) xoxo
What is it?
sleepy time, goodnight. (: x
Are you leveraging your best people to make others on your teams more productive/more efficient?
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
Knocking off bunch of little to-do items involving SFX, our link resolver. Feels good to say sayonara to some of those jobs.
whatchu on bro
That didn't go well....
Thanks for the RT!
Session #tu114 global onboarding...perfect. If you're building an onboarding program you need to be here!! #astd2012 rm 403
How many times do you think Ray Parker Jr. has yelled "Bustin' makes me feel good!" while climaxing?
REM is finally calling it quits. Good for them I guess, but they should have done so at least 10 years ago, and maybe 15.
RT : I'm starting a support group for people who don't "get" the Twilight Singers.
Awwwee :)! Thanks :D!
Win or lose I'll be here helping to make El Paso a better place, Will all candidates in Tx. HD-75 commit as well? 100% El Pasoan
does that mean you? Kidding (:
where you at? I'm bout to grab lunch and hang by the pool
thanks 4 the follow. How long you guys been doin yer thing? We would love to play west CO again. The Mesa theater is sick!
Lol I used to run a 5:30am boot camp & I hated it. Perhaps that's why. Easier to participate than TEACH class that early!
RT The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most
The All Night Express congratulate Fire Ant and Solider Ant on beating the Young Bucks last week.
The #Bulls morale is crushed, they looked defeated Friday night, not surprised they lost today
Hahaa I told the lady at Victoria Secret I like so she went to the back and then One Thing came on :D lol
Ugh!!! I just watched bnw and I am so over tami... She is too old to keep actn like that.. She not a real bitch...
Come in and request a taste of our new Bison Chewies made right here in Texas! K-9 or human!
Ha! ..this one definitely beats Heidi in terms of PG rated'ness.
#punishment Metta should've been out while Harden's out THEN start the suspension period. Do the crime...
Hell no this kid did not just say beats are the best headphones
what's wronnggg!?
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
women instinct never fails.
Unfortunately he will be unavailable today.
RT bug ups to i LOVE your guys store so much! [aww thank you so much! <3 we see you're living cute girl!]
Romy any clue what channel you'll be on with cable tomorrow?
I know right:| sometimes I feel like dropping out. e.e
i've been gone for a while and lost a lot of followers :(
grandstand all you want -- but you still haven't given me any reason to think my assumptions are wrong.
... still trying to find a balance between the instinct to be nice to everyone's face and the harshness of an analytic mind.
Haha! Thanks. Makes my week go by fast when I get to do a bunch of different things at work.
Excellent, thanks for the suggestion!
Don't forget about the Souper-Bowl this week! Bring in a family sized can of soup, get a free bowl from us. Benefiting Faith Mission
thanks! been a while since I've logged in, but thanks for your note.
your face
Lol yea . But yo U wanna txt me?
I ddnt know that u use Pandora! i love it! what are u currently listening to? Radiohead came on my playlist 2day & i thought of u
He sure did. I think they hold back if someone is TOO good on the first dance.
Thanks for the retweets! RT : RT : Hilton Miami Downtown a TAG Approved Hotel! bit.ly/nNUTrU
Sometimes the world just surprises you, and you just smile and enjoy it!
but babe, I was only kidding. :O </3
I'm so tired, but I'm clcs's best alumni yet.
can't even tag me in this?? Really ryland
Nite Tales the TV Series airs January 16th!!! Directed by Jamie Foxx and starring Jason Mewes && yours truly ;) also new photo on my site!
yeah thats awesome work!! keep up the great work!!!
Legs are tired. Maybe i should not have sat down.
going ahead and sending out press releases for Friends getting accepted into NFFTY.
Please bring back #anthonyevans !!!
but at least I'm a truthful Dick
looks like 's twitter got hacked. . . I think i believe she wouldnt talk like that.
I hate it ugh so boring!
what is a keruv symbol?
#NP summer died in connersville - I see stars :)
I love how my mom calls me all the way downstairs to ask me to get her a blanket???
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen you Flirting With Your BestFriends Boyfriend On The Low..
at least follows you
Hate When This Ugly Nigga Be Questioning Mee
GIRL DRINK DRUNK! I'll see 's bourbon and raise her a whisky.
that's where I'm from babe!!!
Good morning cali
honestly I don't know. I'm exhibiting.
I just read that Amy Winehouse died, what a sad sad tragedy.
Arrrgggh! RT : Buy a pirate ship scallywag. Jobbie will never be the same
Ever wonder how could Rihanna still do music with Chris Brown.... Beats the hell outta me too ....
Last of the Butter Pecans
My biggest fear is loosing you
My tempeture is super high if I scream if I cry that's only cause I feel alive !!
Looking to work with 10 ppl to help them reach 6 figures within a yr. Call for details in the most lucrative industry 1-646-397-9817
DUO DIES
what are you when you are all out of Monet?
Love the new look of the iPhone app!
Forever With Justin Beliebers and have an unbrakeable bond. Once a belieber always a belieber! Love you biebz :)
thank you! :)
is your website up? I need some samples- have some possible freelance work for you
Oh there he is
follow back please? U r such an inspiration(:
New courthouses planned throughout CA. The price of justice...tonight at 5.
umm yeah, i'm like done...
Thanks for the follow! Interested in hearing your thoughts on #crowdfunding in Africa. :)
follow us alex (;
We'll be sending out our Political Courage Test to congressional candidates in GA, TN, KS, MI, MO, WA next week. Tell ur reps!
Hi bitch.I have one bitch-y favor.Stop bitching, okay bitch? If you dont want to see me bitching the bitch out of the bitchy you
Goodnight from Florida tomorrow night California
Full Color Rush Printing Service at NYC Printing 123. Get the best of both worlds. Why wait weeks when you can get your print job in as...
You mean have EVER won all 4?? I was talking about the last *2* decades. If u go back to the 80s, the D has 3 NBA, 4 NHL, 1 WS.
Awaiting the arrival of one of my faves....and DONUTS!
fuck i hate opening new restaurants because my day offs are rare to happen
Had a Flaygrantly disappointing lunch from
raigan I got a twitter!
That's all you got to say ? Pshhh,
spent the past 8 hours revising one paper. It'd better be high-quality. Ready to work on my Mao translation!
I love him! He is the ultimate gentleman.
“: "I think the city that we’re from just kinda ruined things.. It’s such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen"”
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Adult Black T-shirt Tee Shirt
And you too my friend. Let's work together!
this conversation is getting too long for twitter, let's continue in person sometime
Over it
Congratulations! It sounds fantastic! Would you like to give one away on my blog?
very nice!
Velton Jones being tended to off to side of Robert Morris bench. Been playing hurt the whole game. LIU up 46-41 15:34 left
Oh god. I'm actually a little interested in going to a local public meeting about urban planning. Does this mean I'm an adult now?
good night Z
The heat is back. Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
I like how I was stalking you & retweeted something from like yesterday :p
had to walk away :( on a strict meal plan and somehow trainer always knows when I cheat and makes me pay for it on legs day haha
Just ate sunday dinner. #MobWives later.
IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH WHY DON'T YOU MARRY HIM?!?!
Thx for adding Invested in several interesting companies incl. & more
noo lol. It's me :P
Screenwriting groups are so inspiring! Start one in your town today. Thanks for the mention LIS!
"he thinks barefoot running shoes are couture"
Dude I think he's doing the dice thing too much... It's really all he's got
I never wanted to grow up, I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookies.
Doesn't change the fact that I've found my soulmate. <3
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL. www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
You make me wanna die I'll never be good enough8
King of the mashups in a remix culture, Paul. But I'm really being selfish. I'd like to see Reynolds back on the television.
Nothing matters anymore. My two teams are out.
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: Portfolio Products with no limit on the number of financed properties for investors
He also failed to shave and has bags under his eyes that suggest he hasn't slept in days.
Manny Ramirez retires. Wow.
thx for the philly hospitality! See u this summer for sure
you outside cunt monkey
NCAA, San Diego State Aztecs NFL San Diego Chargers. But I will also root for the Seahawks and Browns for some reason. You?
break or brake
wish you guys were coming back to STL soon! :( love the album though!!!
Um say what?
Bout to go kick it with my Rock Steady peoples...
thank you to for my friend's shoutout she died when she saw it!! :):)
Just lying low - some hawks have been swooping down in park lately... but they seem to have flown off.
WE HAVE REPORTS THAT THE #SYMBOL OF THE R.O.C is a Satanic Organization. ITS A
“ Man , Im Proud Of How The Lakers Playinn Tonight . #LakersNation .”
just watched vampire diaries and sobbed like a baby. that show always makes me cry... i'm glad alaric isn't gone! but holy smokes look out!
Just Ate Taco Bell (:
teleporting would be so useful! I totally agree.
RT a secret your boss won't EVER tell you... you will NEVER become wealthy working for him !
Reviewing intern applications. One of them was born the year before I got my BA. He will get his next year. *quietly weeps*
Looking for pool cleaning or building? Crystal Clear pools can help
I'll admit I was tearing up in my eyes from reading the thing about iCarlys final episode. T.T
Red Dawn is now on Amazon Instant Video. Yeppers.
get them verses done son! Lmao!
Mitt Romney may be rich with money and possessions but he's morally bankrupt and has no courage or sense of honor.
i bet tomarrow daytona 500 will be very ugly mess ending that would be everywhere with a car flip over and car on fire that how daytona roll
MadRespect# for you prolly one of the 10ppl in this world who got courage and kno how to take it to the next level
A3: Make sure your advice isn't an ad for your services or products
Amazing how I can't seem to exist without the Internet. Time to go read a (real) book.
i figured by now you could stomach a hit piece, but I assume by antibodies you mean time to spring into attack mode; predictable
Uh, this link does NOT work brotha!! PLEASE repost! I have a camera but I don't know what you want me to do with it ; )
True I could see that.
Sat between Pure Prairie Leaguers on way to
¡Go Ravens!
; vocal lessons.
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does. - Jane Austen
"Balance" is different for everyone. There is no perfect tool.
I cant wait to watch Battleships w my girls this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> omg.
Congratulations Melanie! She won our raffle, massages for two at Lucky Chinese Foot Massage (specializing in reflexology). One of our favs!
We just got a great 3 1/2 star review for our latest cd, Falling Together Falling Apart, in the December issue of Downbeat Magazine!
is it summer yet?
I try to be nice to everyone I meet
We are to it should be a Very Fun Night!! May 20 we hope everyone gets there tickets! We will be selling some at the door!
RT : You own everything that happened to you. If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should've behaved better.
Whoa...that looked a lil like a horsecollar there, Pacer boy.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
"Ollie's is like Steak N Shake for gays" -dc
I like the DEEP cuts!
always got the inside track?
#Scrippshealth cardiologist Dr.#Erictopol on The Today Show tomorrow 7:30-8 talking about former Vice Prez. Dick Cheney's heart transplant.
Bootsy Is Back Baby...AFOA FEST SEPT 3...vip hit me at
i know right! my parents think since it's summer they can give me any chore lol
How does a diabetic forget insulin on a trip? Still asking... but I appreciate for having "emergency" Rx upon landing at BOS.
yes I am
good for him. bet he's gonna be a hurtin dude tonight.
that's on my to do list too! Where are you staying?
You're clearly a gluteus for pun-ishment. ;)
1st time I visited NY w/him - at a crosswalk with No walk him:Lets go ME: But its don't walk. Him:That means don't walk, RUN!
Thank you for RT'ing a typo I didn't actually make in the first place!
ugh! Lame. I'm sorry. Ma'am, did u just tweet Kim kardashian?!
S/O to preciate the follow luv
When do you start?
I can NOT wait for my week in MSP b/c is so close to my hotel...and so yummy and fun!
Happy Birthday !
I wonder what Phineas & Ferb is doing tonight??
Visit your local library and pick up a copy of The Geography of Bliss by Eric Weiner, this month's Reader's Den discussion!
For those who don't know we played a part in breaking "1000 dollar outfit" by The Alumni
People stop ignoring me! I'm just letting you know people are talking shit and starting rumors!!
thunder need to hurry up and put this in the bag, i need rest *yawn*
Heat fuckin round already
#monthpasscantbuy quality healthcare, but it is going to buy us a new mayor and health commissioner.
Why don't you get it? I don't know how to explain. Please read my mind.
wow, what a bold/stupid thing to say. I'm impressed.
Shut up, burps!
Seriously, folks sitting on the floor & hanging from the pipes, which has to be uncomfortable. Suffice to say: good crowd for
aw well yea I'm excited and its on my birthday :D
haha, i like to pretend i am
A big HOLLAR going out to my gal pals at Blue Cross in Montana! Miss you all and think of ya often. Have a great day!
R U talking 2 Me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Svenson Hair boss indicted for fraud - Taipei Times
I learn by referring to it as somethin else. Which is sometimes bad. My memory is awful.
OH - Guy on Phone in store: "Your Facebook posts are pathetic. (pause) YOUR FACEBOOK POSTS ARE PATHETIC!"
maybe i'm just blabbering haha, but lately thats how i feel
Police say Junior Seau's girlfriend found him with gunshot wound to chest, say it appears to be suicide. AP
So true!
sorry if I was the cranky one you speak of.
Cindy has now divided screen into 4 chatpods so participants can respond to multiple questions at same time
I really miss
"What do you mean, we got outbid by the Marlins?!? "
what u have in mind?
That's that shit I DON'T LIKE !!!!) Get The Fuck Off My Dick!!!!
Fear no man, Trust no bitch.
Are you going to make it to PyCon?!
lastly, i must proclaim that the Cleveland Indians will take 2nd place in the AL Central behind Detroit this season. projected record: 85-77
Seeking new intern, for more information email (Nina) at .
exact same @ everything!
to post video today of her doing "happy dance" as she promised she would when reaching 1,000 fans on facebook. here we go
RT : A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
Amazing dinner last night! Nic & I really enjoyed ourselves! Thank u both so much!
haha..its not serious
I like how everyone forgets all the evidence for Braun. Clean test after results, insanely high synthetics... BS
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 36
Great!! We can provide each other some positive peer pressure! Oh, too many exclamation points? :)
oh yes we do....we went there too ya know. lol
Oh nice! Check out at m.parlor.fm! The full app isn't available for iPhones yet but u can still test it out!
Holy hell my ocean is glowing blue!
Been a while since we've planned something to trend in KC after a goal. Lets get ready to do something next weekend, huh?
RT : "You are in violation of our social media policy" is not the way to find out you have a social media policy.
Always ads for "Disney on Ice"...."Scarface On Ice" now that I would pay to see.
We should talk more!!! I talk to Aaron McDonald more than you and I even have his phone number.
Owners of family-owned companies should consider succession a dynamic, continual process instead of an event that happens once a generation.
Guitars are done! Vocals and production to go and we"ll have our new single up!
Happy birthday
I think you'll be fine with the age thing... But where will you have all your coffee????
What is your favorite afternoon snack?
I can see this goin 2 b a long ass day... as u get older u cant always b around ur mom on mothers day
With and readyy to watch #TheVow ;))
Ugh, waking up for work seems harder today. It should be a holiday since the packers did so well yesterday
Latin Perspective is looking for sponsors for their Latin Jazz radio show and web site www.latinperspective.net
I hate the airport. <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Hey whats up buddy? Check me out on FB under Joey Dimaonds Fashion and under Jack JoeyDiamonds Standokes
Yes it is.
Turns out our apartment vacancy is going to be for December 1. I'll repost the ad after Nov 1, but if you're looking, let me know!
Boo for suburbs of metropolitan areas. If the house sells, I need to either find roommates or GTFO of this area lol
HA! It wasn't in my office. It was in a box of mags @ my storage space. U will b happy 2 know I through them all out except these
I would have chipped in a few more bucks on the ticket prices to get you a plane ticket to Denver.
<3 RT : SVG: "No, It hasn't been a tough year off the court. My wife still likes me. Most of the time."
Shut out of THE BABY MAKERS. Guess the universe wants us to rage instead. Hearing you loud and clear, universe.
I would love to see the "pretty girls" in my school remove their make up.
I'm doing very good,how about u?
Awkward moment when youre laser tagging and your name is "swagge" and the girl after you makes her name "swag"...the hell girl!
Oh, it's nearly 4:30 and I'm hearing the sounds of a blender outside my office - love that sound this time of day :)
we're making an album. It's going to go double myrrh.
And that is where we differ. But what do I know, I'm just a content producer. RT Literary market is not unlike any other market.
lol I'm bored 2 and good I had a half day cuz of exams :/. You ?
I notice that really pretty girls have a certain shape to their bodies and just different than girls that have a lot of 1 thing!
Traveling to #InfusionCon tomorrow- anyone care to share a cab? Arrive about 9AM
I guess all the major networks were scrambling today to bring us the news, i bet they couldn't be happier
#quotes To succeed in life in today's world, you must have the will and tenacity to finish the job.
Severe weather moving into the Dallas Ft. Worth Metroplex. Mayfest is closed in advance of the storms.
Tried to explain the Leeroy Jenkins joke on the Daily Show to Eventually gave up.
Château La Conseillante '05 was my favorite from Sat nite A beautiful Pomerol, young but drinking incredibly well. Worth seeking!
Step One. Ready. Aim. Fire. Step Two. Work In Progress.
That is so strange! I remember that I put you on there!!!! So sorry - will make it up to you this week :-) U R FAB
updating my resume again because it's definitely different from 6 months ago.
Ha! RT : um....having a blast watching volunteers set up this sag aftra referendum announcement over some soft ass piano
It could have been worse. You could have blown a tire and rolled over. You aren't hurt, just inconvenienced. :-/
#followfriday ...We're Back.
When them ghetto people turn their base on as high as they can and it vibrates what seems to be the whole city <<<
Bitch suck dick
I want to see Dark Shadows again lol. I also must see Snow White & the Huntsman, Argo,&Gangster Squad, the latter two based on true stories!
I love your handsome ass & thank you for that phone call you will always be my bestfriend. Im going to call you when I leave
yes. Why?
Weird sinus pressure going on this eve...not cool
": We're starting an official petition for an #clubawesome tour!" We Second that!!!
rock on !
": Sex is an instant cure for depression. So get to it and cheer up."Don't get down get dick
Just spent 20 minutes loading the video for The Ballad of Mona Lisa by #Worth it :D
I love you & your dad, Colby.
I #love it when the guy you like tells you that you look amazing.<3
Got an apartment. Now waiting for those job offers...
Loved Adrien Brody's portrayal of him in 'Midnight in Paris.' Did you see the show of his works at Philly Art Mus yrs ago?
Congrats to , head of Ford grantee , who Time has named one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
Live every moment of life, enjoy every breath, everything happens for a reason, always remember never forget, smile, and enjoy the weather.
awww thank you so much honay!!!! ;] when u comin to thy east coast?
going after what you want is a risk worth taking ::hugz::
Have you seen the new dewittlaw.com? Let us know what you think
thanks for the RT. :-)
Really not feeling school today but I'm going to go anyway, it makes the day go by faster.
In addition to its role as a historic cemetery, this was the area that Pedro Menendez initially landed & was for a time an Indian mission.
You said you play in the NFC South with Kalil, but don't know who another OL from the NFC South Donald Penn is?
Exams got me stressed, how can they expect me to express the knowledge I posses on paper that they call a test?
about to discuss digital preservation with the #scio12 folks! Rm 5
I'm one of the cool kids...I met Carrie Brownstein tonight.
its funny how people always seem ta find the tine for complainin. but everyday we breathe the breath of life is amazin.
hey hey heyy
THE VOICE FINALE!
nothing like some heat transfer to get the pregame going.
you were supposed to eat Jamaican with me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I love RnB more than any other type of music. Well that and jazz intrumentals.
If you're thinking of buying a Windows phone, I guess you might want to wait.
If you're gonna rush me, I'm gonna go even slower..
Thanks for the vote for better pickup bar first off, kirkwoods.
i love mac miller <3
Hi! Thanks for following!
yeah even if the unions merge, it's a savings of $830 compared to joining both separately now.
iPhone could be half the size of a normal iPhone, and it may have a strong focus on internet-streamed media and “cloud” storage
Aw, thanks! I have so very few of them. ;-)
We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of ! Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;)
Want to dine out ethically? Check out this awesome new guide from
Self publishing is for the modern day writers who get it.
When you live in your parents basement aren't you allowed to say whatever you want?
what the hell do we have to do to get some room to skate. man these devils are flying
Only for you.
Smh Im Grimmy but it was only 4 text messages.! fine i will deal wit being cut off!
looks like there will be a home for our OWS/Zizek dance jam after all, haha.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
Turn signals are a nifty idea. If you don't start using them, I will crash into your car.
So if you're a celebrity they don't haul your butt to jail when you owe this much in back taxes?? Ridiculous.
i guess no austream again today.
nah I'm good I already ate thanks thou :) can you bring mom Starbucks ?:)
This unseasonably warm weather today must have folks on Capitol Hill hoping for Spring flowers.
Sing your little hearts away tonight
Mountain Lions stop the Nighthawks, will take over at its own 20 after a punt.
Dude u got sum funny jokes:D
quick morning lecture then back to sleep!
Got a little trivia going on over on Twitter... want in? Follow us!
Ben, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
woke up at 5:am to get it in on this C-Mal track >>> this shit is crazy... And hard...
people who have the same blood type as you and there isn't enough donated... IDK IM NOT A BLOOD SPECIALIST :X
: You weren't the only one. I thought they could get the Eastern finals.
I was just told I look better with the lights off... Thanks Emily. Love you. xD
just did .
Dressing is a way of life.
Nothing to make you feel older like a friend in the newsroom (no names here) who thinks she had "a casette tape" when she was younger.
Eternal Sunshine of the Swiss Bank Account
sucks all those burgers were wasted by all those blind people fingering the shit outta them.
VBB fans check out Vintage Vivant at Swan Dive. If you haven't been yet, you'll love it. One of the coolest places in town, by far.
Waukesha County clerk once again being accused of election tampering... in the same year! Shame on you!
Somehow I just managed to get talked into running a 10K on Thanksgiving... I'm gonna earn my feast!
At Milwaukee Farmers Market until 1 pm
Oops, just recommended Jason Wu to someone. Hope they aren't out of everything.
yea right
do you still have a ticket for the game tonight.
Exactly. Blackhawks fans will get REALLY hammered if we lose tomorrow.
successfully got you to tweet
how many is a lot? You had a little over 700 views.
Good morning GigiStylez have a bless day !
r u watching it? :)
I am so ready for a beach, a hammock and a supply of beer. Lots of beer. More please. moprh leash. awlawlmf pwl.a
‘ubuntu’ is a Bantu word that means: “I am, because you exist.” Love that. Such an interesting way to view #community and
Classic Southern Sunday breakfast -- banana pancakes with Steen's for breakfast. Well, it's classic at my house...
We have an extra pair of VIP tickets to the show tonight at Culture Room, Fort Lauderdale, FL. Call our office if you want to go
-Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page! Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner! www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously The Game tv show....
I know where the sidewalk begins.
Thanks for the plug Pete!
Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
I think they're hooked...several students entering my room today said "Please tell me we are working on our project today!" Got to love PBL
Love this! A skill most foster kids, unfortunately, don't get.
Even though this sounds creepy, I will help. Try Spencers Gifts.
who took my lighter...
Pride and Joy by Stevie Ray Vaughn just came on the radio. Seems some stations still have a good music taste.
Coming off the Bay Bridge this afternoon, on the Oakland side, I noticed tons of litter & heavy weed growth. Reflects
“: Never worry about haters::: better 2 b hated then 2 b invisible”
Shit today? Everyday !
(Okay, that last part was a lie. But close.)
the stadium is probably so silent you can hear Freddy Sez and his frying pan. Oh wait.
Hurray! Thanks so much!
3 bottles of bleach: $15 1 rope, 3 rolls of duct tape & a shovel: $35 3 boxes of trash bags:$10 The look on the cashier's face Priceless!
loving your music. Wishing you the very best in 2012. Xoxo a huge fan.
I just learned what the term "Invigilator" means & that I will be one from time to time over the next few weeks & I've been one in the past!
Quad for 105 points.
#PR pet peeve: When my HARO request says, "I'm not looking for info on spa pampering days," don't send me info on spa pampering days.
ROSY YOU HORRIBLE CO OWNER :p haha we all suck
donating hundreds of lbs of fresh produce like zucchinis, broccoli, rainbow swiss chard, squash, kale, and bok choy to the SF Food Bank,
pretty much.
not yet but we will let you know
RT : for those who want to help beta test the Playd app. get it on the iOS store now. Send all issues and feedback to...
I like the drawing one.
Oh sweet heaven>.< I ran out of creamer yesterday and walked to super A and got over-excited and bought like 4 :P
Shit just got real
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 1
Cowboys and Aliens was awesome!
I'm happy with mine and i discuss yours lol
10 yrs ago, #printers said NO WAY to prices online. Vistaprint said YES. #Web2print offers new ways to say YES to print buyers and sales.
Social media is important for your overall SEO goals.
"I want to be America's barber!"
Need to study for finals but I'm sleepy af!
Lincecum= that long haired guy in the movie Dazed and Confused.
HUGE thank you's 2 #NYFamilyDay stars ! Much love 2 the amazing hosts !
yeah and what ?
Will someone else's life be brighter tomorrow because of what you have done today? ~ William Arthur Ward
We just went to the Erie Harbor opening at the River Romance Festival. Now leasing.
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference? Let me know and you're in.
I love Pinkman. And the attorney Saul. And Badger.
Uhh. Did I just see the top of Jane Fonda's nipple on the #GoldenGlobes? I think I did. Now we can stop talking about Janet Jackson!!
The thing that sucks is I still care for you and love you more than I should </3
You look like you take 3 dicks in the ass, i'm gonna call you 3 dicks, hi 3dicks.
Apparently. Good to know we live in such a "post-racial society" now that we've elected a black president.
Thanks so much - great to see you, too ! Thanks again for organizing #bcsm. It's one of my favorite hours each week.
THANK YOU
YOU SHOULD SKYPE WITH US JS :)
would honest increase the makeup? He probably lie for
Pages and Numbers are good for editing. May run into some font differences but should work for simple stuff.
I'm so tired I will have a nap ...z
OK. The neighbor's wind chimes might need to go suddenly missing.
Game day! Last one of the career!
Jeezy- Super Freak
I have no sentiment at all for the Rose Bowl. It's as meaningful as the Flint MegaBowl.
Agree! They really are lovely, Nadja! :-)
Any chance this special extends a week? How much is single day next week? I can't find it on the website. thx
Friday night, chillin with my lady in the cut, knockin bak PBRs, watchin Bumbles exceed my expectations of crap. They r turrible!
then tell justin 2 follow me
": "MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!" "What?" "Can you turn my light off?" Lmao this is so me xD
yes, robots.
It can be.
This Mother's Day we'll be honoring the motherhood of the 73% of New York’s incarcerated women who are parents. Do you know a mom in prison?
Just leavin 100.7 in milwaukee with interview with for and
u right
The most blatant lie known to humanity: "I have read and agreed to the terms of service"
Oh goody my moms talking shit about me on the phone to who knows. Okay. Great.
New Futurama in June? Fuck and yes.
#monday blues..... Blah!
That awkward moment when Directioners are not jealous of Danielle & Eleanor, but of a baby, a koala, a tootbrush, and a mirror.
That'd be awesome! We are looking for a few great designers and developers. If you know any, please send 'em my way! :)
I miss my iPhone jack for the car! Radio stations have no variety!!
Still feeling so great from last night's #chickchat networking event at Such an inspiring group of ladies. #GoLocalChicago !
my niece got the new Harry Potter Clue game and is playing it now. Thanks for fixing the problem!
Ha! Send me email? mlickona AT gmail DOT com
I have draw something
yah..summer reading can just kiss my ass
tea and writing time
bout to session in takoma park with tazk, whos down?
Felt like I slept for days. I blame it on the time change.
When you find out you raised your ACT score by 6 points >>
no problem
Good luck to the runners from and in the Mumbai marathon
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuuuuuck. You're one of the most important people in my life. I don't know what i'd to without you.
Exactly what I was hoping. I even told a friend tonight "I hate the pick unless we pick him"... I trust RAC....(cont)
she told me she never tried this before... well i love being a bad influence
Worse than St. Anger? I have a hard time imagining. No. I don't want to imagine.
That was a giant waste of time.
West Coast:Brace yourselves for the last 60 seconds of "Greys Anatomy"
anyone have hotel hookups in NYC/Jersey City?
Come check out great poker products @ www.eproducts4less.biz
RT : Cooking dried beans is low maintenance and a super great value... try them in this SIMPLE BLACK BEAN SOUP:...
word mang..whats ur main fb page? I was talkin to Isaac couple weeks ago n he said ull be in pgh this fri..bummed Im goin to philly
Bud Norris is almost at 50 pitches and it's only the third inning. Let's hope he gets tired, quickly.
The Shabadoo's will take the stage tonight at 6:30pm. Kick off the weekend at Fatso's!
Lex In The Cities events coming up ! Cinco de Mayo celebration, Festival of Nations, Bingo-a-Gogo & comic books! We're outside!
Track "Take it away" is my favorite on this CD but "Searching 4u and Good life" got a better responce form fans of music.
Wondering how Events can work with a digital signage solution? Attend the webinar 11/3 at Noon CST to find out!
Two episodes in and don hasn't cheated on his wife. Is draper a new man?
HAPPY HANUKKAH to all my Jewish tweeties out there.
I got some cool ass followers
Jerricho Cotchery reportedly meeting with #Ravens tonight ... I still like Housh better !!!!
RT : Missing my friends in Guatemala tonight. Wish I could be beamed there. Right now./I'll join you!
thanks for the post!
If God has forgiven you, why can't you forgive yourself~BAMM.
I drove 45 minutes to hear the trombone player I heard he is a prodigy
Congrats to Tom, Jackie and the rest of the team! I think I shall celebrate with a coconut pie bite on your behalf.
Argh, after a too-zealous grab for the newspaper, half of that coffee is now on my shirt. Just one of those days...
she says: oh yeah i really do want to kill her just dont reply back.... LMAO WHAT A BITCH! Ill say thank u for her THANKS!
thanks for the shout out!
Did I mention and ?
Stop playing games with the lives of women. ~Rep Gwen Moore
Sunday's are so dry lol. Nothing to do! Make's me HAPPY to get back to work, on Monday's.
Wow. No more Fish?
I wonder how they decided what counts as "get news" vs. "read blogs". I get much of my news from reading blogs.
Past two days I had a newspaper at my doorstep in the morning. Not sure where it came from. Maybe it is Early Edition and I should read it.
Loving the blue and gold illuminated buildings on campus
Thanks! : Friday the 13th #FF: Check out Aday Interactive for web design & inbound marketing
#Movember second week - I'm starting to look like a homeless programmer. Not enough nerds know about the No Shave November spectacle...
wait, didn't you use Prezi for your job talk? (that seems like a long time ago!)
RT .Will I see u guys at the Golf Tourny ?
boots saving me today with all the ice/slush/rain. Why didn't I get a pair earlier?
#librarianfitnessplan is on rain delay :(
Just heard my husband come in the door singing Ive got Moves like Jagger...#Really??Okay
not just sad but sick too!
Attending session: "Content as a Means for Social Change" with Biz Stone of Twitter fame
aww that's cute lol finally a middle name without marie .-.
Seeing The 25th annual Putnam County spelling bee tonight :)
get yourself some frozen bags of peas!!!
followed follow me
": Woman at airline ticket counter: Have a great flight. Me: You too. #EVERYTIME" haha! Makes me laugh when people do this!!
If u under 25 and u not gettin pussy atleast 4x a week n u gotta girl
well see what we can do for you on the next giveaway
Are family just needs to forgive and forget good lord they act like children, they need to get along for their brother Randy!
hey 360 thanks for following!!! ya'll should help me reach my true potential
Retweet follow - tweeting from 2nd floor of a school in Galveston, the 1st floor is flooded
SOOP LOADED RIGHT NOW LEFT #BEAMERS NOW HEADED 2 DENNY'S
Today begins Day 2 of our Cleveland-based Portal Admin training! check out updates & photos here throughout the morning
Prosecutor for the 99% is Steve Meacham from Making his argument about economic crimes against the 99%
been there and Twitter always wins.
If you missed it-7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players. 11pm.
hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
RT : CTA: Start w/ a blank canvas that gets filled with understanding your connected consumer says
Delicious food, delightful company, and 20 bottles of wine over the course of the day... magnificent!
will be out tonight between 6th and 7th Street on Walnut...
lol that's funny and you know it bet it get you Followers
that was the first tweet all day that made me LOL. I love it...
Add cayenne to hummus or soup to spark your metabolism and burn more calories.
- Thx for the support my friend. Much appreciated!
up to anything fun today?
Must practice another 21 day retreat..... Breathe IN.... breathe OUT.... whoosaaa
another blessed day
Tomorrow is prom, time to start freaking out....yes!
Whew. Thank you, warning label. I was actually considering using my new floor lamp in the shower.
Lieutenant Colonel Merryl Tengesdal was the first Black Woman to Fly the Air Forces U-2 Spy Plane- InSpotter app
this WILL work.
thanks - we were working on a tight sched and low budget so we did the best we could! Wish we'd had more time to fix it!
Not getting any writing done while doing all this traveling! But I've read some good books: (cont-->)
my nights have been reduced to watching SATC re-runs and playing fetch with my dog. and eating oreos.
Lol I never knew Ari would get a tattoo. She was so nervous, she was all like "done?"
Why is my grandfather following me like twitter?
Have your agent call Milwaukee. We could use you back here. Always liked you when you were here.
On pricing: $25/mo pricing level will be available soon. Hopefully that will open things up for more clients.
my step sister lives in Germany and luvs it!!
I know I have a few notes to reply to, & #FF's to do - but LOTS going on at the office (and up at INDY) so, I'll hop on that in a few hours!
#np Marky Mark and The Funky Bunch - Good Vibrations -- lol, such a good music video
Consider discussing Doug Melvin's recent induction into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame. Not bad, eh?
is #mycrazyobsession (: i have never tweeted anyone that much(: haha
I'm just letting myself go! I want to look beautiful again! I want to motive myself to work out and be a new me in 2011!
Morning people check out my new Song superstar
- Thought they had one in Louisville ? Go for a Kentucky Hot Brown at the "Brown Derby Hotel", at least.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. –Confucius
Gabe= set amanda=sun u get sunset
I know , its sickening but we can never know for sure :(
Johnny's Irish pub hosts the cd launch party this saturday starting at 8
Parents piss me off.
Just attended Billy Hampton's funeral. Fitting tribute to a great guy who died far too young. God bless you, Billy.
Man Courtney you are killing me. Lol
I just had to clarify my daughter's tweet to see if she was being sarcastic or serious. Thanks, Twitter for complicating parenting.
Meet some great members 2day @ the Builder Road Show hosted @ the Design Studio, sharing the latest in homebuilding!
Rahul, right, we never did get to chat! We should definitely connect in SF!
UGLY shot by Terry just like against LA. Its like he forgot how to close. WTF? O great foul by the way VINCE! Curse of VINCE!
Thx Tim! Have a good weekend, man!
No but money back guarantee.
I live in a very fucked up society
I really want some pancakes.
next year you and monta are gonna put the league on notice...enjoy the lottery,from here on out its playoffs for the bucks.
": A #Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate."
Today's BTU inspiration: "Silent Gratitude isn't very much use to anyone." ~Gertrude B. Stein
hehe thanks for the most amazing day ever!!! i love you!!! :D i wish you didn't have to leave though. :(
Kinda rainy here must be from the hurricane 2800 miles away ....LOL
will Ed talk to me?
This Lieutenant is seriously packing a big brown Coach bag as a carry-on heading to Afghanistan! Wow!!
I think he's a great actor. As far as I'm concerned, #MissionImpossible 4 was awesome.
So who do you think is the better fighter, Rashad or Anderson?
Ha it's not like we have short term memory loss. I mean come on get real!
It's been brought to my attention that when people see the title of my book Jesus Is No Joke-that highly religious thoughts flood in.
how do you define ethical for a president?
Wth? RT : Herpes RT : Can anyone tell me what these bumps on the downside of my shaft are? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The two models diverge on their definition of American masculinity-Louie & EBD show the wobble of the Sheen manifesto.
I LOVE MB!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UPw
I was there to...lurkin in the backseat (;
Happy Monday! Ready for the day to be over yet?
Happy Birthday Diddy ....enjoy the day my friend !!!!
nope day in today x wbu
Aint tell'n anyone who doesnt already know. Looking good!!!
RT : Issue raised by the Carters' talk: How do you define recovery from physical and mental health conditions?
Sorry.. I didn't mean to offend
RE: amazing Valentino dress. Heard collective sigh from archivists everywhere at phrase 'archival dress' How about vintage? Miss U
I miss my doggie :'(
I love Justin's hair before, when he flips it. I mean its the cool thing, and I wonder if he got ears tho. Haha
Awesome, have a great weekend!
Harrison Smith loved you but you better strap it on vs. , Nelson, Driver, Jones, Finley &
Love Thunderstorms<33
In 2003, Canada became the first country in the world to offer medical marijuana to pain-suffering patients.
Thx for an important conversation! MT During the 's Access DC trip, Renee Fraser, speaks about Home 4 Good
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Has To Wait Until Next Saturday To Get Tickets? :/
Me & Ace is sick like Malaria carriers.Jim Carry ya to the cemetery and bury ya...I'm still amazed when I heard that nigga said that.
When "Shaun Livingston" is trending nationwide, it rarely indicates anything positive.
RT LADY_LARSINY That bitch need to get her some money. She wouldn't be spending all mine!
you look good without your braces!!
100: being a bro has nothing to do with gender. if you're always rad and forever legit, you've got what it takes.
So my gma just told me I use to didn't have a butt...but now I do
So proud and happy to say that I'll be recording in 2 studios I've never recorded in before in the same week (OceanWay and Quonset Hut)!!!
Feeling much better finally lol now that the weekend is over smh
Visit our website and see the events section. Come out and support the APEX programs.
I will! I love having a chance to hang out with far-flung peeps. One of the advantages of traveling for speaking!
u are racist
Blue Jays acquire Ben Francisco from the Phillies
What did you think? We'd love to hear your thoughts!
I just tried and you didn't pick up
AZ must make the Bengals go 3 and out
The #Cubs have had better 12-hour stretches.
I agree with that!
wish I were there!!
Today is Small Business Saturday. Where will you be #shoppingsmall today?
lol good and you??
I ain't gonna lie,you lookin good in that blacc :)
Fina roll a plane and get on this fifa
sorry, i broke my phone and i havent been on twitter or texting anyone. Even my boyfriend. I miss you so much sis.
I said I got a girl..she said me too So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood..don't be foolish
butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high... take a look, its in a book, READING RAINBOW
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
yep.. i love him.. but not the him u r thinking about :|
Pretending you didn't know about the phone hacking was/is the veriest ignorant argument.
Watching Mothers Day!!!New version!!
Just took a look at it today!!! Nice!!!!
Poetry & Prose featuring the Shrimp Boat Project Monday, October 24th at 5:30pm...
in my room. The fuck u think lol
a great morning song is "Sweet Caroline" by Neil Diamond. We will be watching you score a goal at Houston next week.
That moment when your listening to music in class and u want to start singing along with song but u cant.
Doing well! Busy but it's cool b/c I'm doing what I love. I've been busy before @ not working toward my goals, so I'm thankful.
I'm in total sympathy. Truly. Sorry that there's always the inevitable cause-and-effect in whatever choices we make.
Regular price tickets to Tanzania are $1890 but with a late-purchase discount via tripadvisor on Turkish airways only $1130!
I just saw you like freaking 4 hours ago! #BUT i freakin #missyou !
Mine are June,May,&December.Septembers okay.I hate going back to school tho!:(
Just leave us alone ok?!! God im not in your life anymore so get out of my buisness !!
talk to me when you get up near 7... I confess I lost my composure on THAT occasion!
not one bit..
I LOVE baked sweet potato juice!!
juussttiinnn you should follow me c:
Just saw an obese woman in a wheelchair rolling backwards down the sidewalk.....yup.
haters gonna hate mahomies gonna love Imma forgive u for all u have said about because we all get jealous sometimes!
Thanks for the follow ! I hope to see you at my house sometime soon!
Bravo!! Great job singing.
Why is it I'm laying here in bed wide awake listening to the same song and thinking the exact thoughts I did 4 years ago...
Movement without direction will create a hole in the ground. — Sophia Bedford-Pierce
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
My little sister is hoggin my bestfriend. Dude wtf.
I'm in a really weird mood..
U and & khleo workin' on a song.... its gonna b
I am officially a master! Although I didn't attend graduation I am on the veranda celebrating my accomplishments with the 'rents!
La la la la la
you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are
Hi Randy,
More of my interview w/ Justice David Prosser coming up at 6:00 on TMJ4. I asked him about his relationship w/ Chief Justice after campaign.
ATTENTION Moms and Dads "Child Support" isn't just something you "Pay" (Monetarily) its something you "Do and Give".Spend QT with ya kids!
If u could witness any 2 artists in history perform together during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, who would u want to see?
The moment when one of the players agrues with him about massaging his legs.
Happy Saturday miss your face!! Xoxo
the little bacon. (Mermaid) lmao
start making them and selling them so I can buy mine from you now :)
I'm sure they are given free reign to write within a structure. I'm sure Mofftiss gave input into TRF.
Ray Kamalay and his Hot Peppers live at Enso (3/4)
I was just gonna say that wealthy people tend to vote Republican.
You're welcome!
Hi there! Yep, I'm in Portland. Do you need help with QuickBooks?
Start your holiday decorating yet?
I'm impressed by your candid declaration but everything is in hand. Mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
You look so handsome!! have fun! I'll be watching
I feel like its a Dre day
you know I just set everything up.
Great rum, oysters, and now a torano exodus 1959. Good night so far.
New York is awesome. Fashion week this week but you probably knew that.
Much Love dudes :)
Very good! The cabrito was great!
When they tried to make her go to Rehab, she should have said "YES, YES, YES."
agrees with the time traveling Coca-Cola commercial. Scientists, you've got 9:30 minutes left to figure it out! Tick, tock...
are y'all having success finding talent from #StarCastAuditions?
Bossman brought lunch! Tomato Basil Soup...m so good :)
Ahh D; i know but i wanna see youu ^-^*
I have a few questions about WM28'
Can't a young nigga get money anymore!
you should cheer up.
Wishing good luck with her big audition this weekend. As well as on the new video shoot next weekend with
y u mad did i say anything to offend you
Just want to thanks to all the new readers of Across the Hall.
Drunk ass police officer almost bust his ass! Lol!
What is your preferred journal/news source on digital humanities?
“: me and you are the most entertaining testers I know. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>” testers , but your so right <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
I wanna take you down .
#ahoetshirtwouldsay you CAN afford me
not at all! havoc pit boss is a great bait
"Remember when you were my boat and I was your sea? Together we'd float so delicately,but that was back when we could talk about anything"
with all these top nfl picks. Can someone explain why the illini were so bad.
im so not looking forward to school tmw :/
i love this bad girl !! She made
Black Friday special @ at Anatomy day spa & boutique. $30 certificates a value of 80 makeup application, great for those holiday parties!
Good 2 hear! But why did Js case vex him?
Maybe Gallo should hang with Andre more
An inning of #Lueke lasts longer than a game by
thanks for the mention. Keep on leading and integrating!
Thanks for the suggestions! Also, good to find more DH medievalists on Twitter! :)
also, happy birthday/many happy returns of the day to another good person, :)
me too. i'm sitting in it now.
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Yep it is! I hope he is having as much fun as he can!
Glad I left school today! #stillfeelsickdoe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I think we will be there Friday!!
Today, Mar 13 @ 5 PM PST | Question Reality | LA Talk Radio | Georgia Reed, Actress, Dancer | www:latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Have you tried John's double chocolate raspberry cookie yet? So good, it will make you weak at the knees . . .
Thank you for following me! I am now following you as well. GNR!!! \m/ MERRY CHRISTMAS & HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Slim McGinn's has the new Lakefront Snake Chaser on tap. $15 for a pint, you keep the glass and a t-shirt. Yes please.
Fine! I'll have coffee & chocolate crosissant alone RT : top secret x 2 > I'll sniff it out
I really dig that game. The cell shading makes it I think.
Finally joined AFTRA, next step is an improv class at UCB. I'm excited for what's to come! Every day is a learning experience!
check my direct message to you :)
hey baby :( ily
I'll watch any movie with bill nighy in it
MT : After being kicked out, several reporters tried getting back to floor where Chen was last seen, but were unsuccessful
DM me an address and I will get you hooked up.
thanks so much! That's 100 for Jan & 45 for Randy!
I just had a great morning sipping coffee at Espresso a mano, one of our sponsor businesses. Delish chocolate croissants, too!
Oh great! It turns out that "fact" that 85% of kids graduating from college return home is - FALSE!!!! Whew! Thanks
what's up girl? welcome to twitter! l0l
I did not win the top 15 in the contest. God must have a better plan for me :) Thanks for your love and belief!
See, no room 4 dogs! Lucky I set up a book series myself! ;-) MT : Not leaving here until I sign a book on "Deleuze and Cats."
well I'm on my phone so that's probably it
I don't know how I'm going to practice from 1-5 if I'm in pain laying in my bed..... #sosick <U+E413>
Haha you should though. Just saying.
RT : #YSL6812 tickets and VIP on hit me or dm me don't miss this city-wide event
tired like shyt
do you think I can get a shoutout? Im trying to get to 1000 followers soon :) thanks!
kno ne gurls model type friend of mine us looking for some presenter/tv host tell em to dm
Overdosed on confidence
so I just saw your blog from the #EST page when you were in the invincible shoot. You wrote it great. I loved the pictures too.
Watching ground turn for flight 1757 to Atl. Baggage cart dropped a bag for our flight. I've watched 7 ppl walk/drive by it...
All-time fave Downton line, though sadly for us workaholics a diff spin to it..! RT : "What is a weekend?" - Downton Abbey
#keepyourpantson I hate it when my cousin has to say enough.
Never started watching #smash because the Hulk isn't in it.
RT : RT : The measure of any #mentor is to see anybody that he/she taught do better than he did.
I have jury duty today, so we'll see how exhausted I am at the end of the day. I definitely plan on attending Allen's Oct 27 talk.
You ever read somebody's tweets and think... damn, I need to get some of what they're having.
okay. Did he give out any hw
Welcome to Twitter, fellow new secondary ed classmates (science guy) & ! (Spanish dude)
To the bigots blasting for going on TV...time to wake up! Ur living in the 2000s or do u prefer to be mindless 40s Hitler slaves?
Don't want to talk about the game...
Awesome- We appreciate it!
I'll try tomorrow. Hes still on the plane coming back from AUSTRALIA right now.
Trying to find a 4-6' by 16' led surface for substantially less than six figures.
s/o follow the homie!
I AM LEGIT FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW CUZ OF ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!
Scott, would love to meet you at #ctia. Please DM me
Sandra Bulloch: no...just, no.
It's still before 12 so you're okay.
Paul Below and Jill Matzat's GCP presentation was an interactive eye-opener. Content, delivery, education, fun: top-drawer.
you two are so cute
Hope everyone is having a better start to their day than I am.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that you should never really trust anybody, and it showed who my real friends are.
i have to go to the hood :O
k should I go to new orelans mexico or the bronx
k sounds great thanks !
Clickbank Cash Secrets - Adkreator Review - Landing Page Template
LOL RT This chick has more flashbacks than a Vietnam vet
But I still dont think the Steelers will pay his asking price..His agent wants 120 mil
The "We Will Survive" show will be AMAZING -- what a great collection of work from some of Vegas' best artists! "Sneak Peek" Fri, 9/23 7p
it's been a pretty wonderful day if i must say so myself :) God is so good..always
Thanks for the like, Lukas Meier!
why do you follow rockforlife?!
will u follow me bck? I mean if u want too.
Any occult tobacciana enthusiasts?
Thanks to the folks I'm headed to the Cancer for College charity dinner with Will Ferrell tonight, looking forward to it!
Srutututu, TWEET ME <U+2665>
We're giving away 5 tix to see the Haitian dance company #Ayikodans on May 22nd!! www.arshtcenter.org/tickets/calendar/view.aspx?id=9589
Thanks for the follow, great images!
your website didn't load!
Thank you to everyone that came out last night to Sambuca in Uptown! We had a great time! Be sure to check out schedule for upcoming shows!
its too early for this foolishness
That awkward moment when you’re passing a car, and you look at the people in the car and they’re staring at you too. o_o
"Conjugate to the dance floor!" "Don't you mean 'congregate'?"
Visit the Bricktown OKC Water Taxi for a FREE ride Thursday - Sunday evenings from 6 - 9:30 p.m. Register to win a variety awesome prizes.
im on'
I hate my internet. So much.
danny duffy is the new sandy koufax apparently, he's a good looking pitcha with a big ahrm
online shopping? Feel free to give us a call 800-343-9826 ------Weve got you covered!
oh and you should see him in the old movie "Yentl" with Barbara Streisand. Great movie :) :)
It might be possible to read music tweets & see sick posters of cool day shows from #sxsw but really these barbecue pics are just plain mean
Only at kings is dead air filled with "these are the opening words of the aeniad by virgil!"
Thanks for retweet!!
Alright Gamel, let's get 2 homers in one night!
Seriously ! Paging #artsorgs in SF, #MadMen viewing party needed. :)
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!! Plzzzz prettyy plzzz!
. That's a great point, Bob. So true
Apologies if this has been asked. What type of match do you feel is under-utilized? I lean towards best 2 of 3 or best 3 of 5.
Had a great morning with Chemical Engineering students talking about Strengths-Based Leadership! And its only 8am back home!
who are you???
I will never root for the Eagles again
Right back at 'cha! Have a wonderful day!!!
no iam not pretty......but yeah hey I forgot to ask what hall are u on?!?!? And can't u wait till Friday I m spoon exite
Listening to rehearsing and she sounds terrific!
Yeah I'll be there in August
Even on vacation i'm working…you know me bra bra! Studio tomorrow though…
NOW DOING MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE !!! STOP OVER PAYING !! HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
you wax yer eyebrows, b? that's some futuristic homo shit.
15 loads of laundry today
Food Emporium on 52 and 2. It's real and it's spectacular.
COME ON #teamtimmy !!!
I saw this earlier today! Blew my mind!!
I hope my ms jones scoop me tis weeknd
at some point, aren't people responsible for informing themselves? Info is readily available today. Inform yourself.
#twinkies are a must-have of all apocalypse scenarios. So probably a fortune
RT : To defeat the darkness out there, you must defeat the darkness inside yourself.
when random ass people tell me that me and are good together <3 >>>>
so what you doing ? :D
your not a boss
I hate seeing cute girls who can't walk in heels...poor babies
No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
He has his honeymoon periods.
Gaggle of yellow fluffy Canadan goslings seen in Twin Cities area. Whatever you think of the adult birds, those guys R 2 cute.
no mom jeans today-too hot! but I did take the kids to the pool with snacks, drinks and toys in hand, mini van will come later!
Think the Blues have a shot today??
Some people overbuy their cars - for example by adding an engine
So Apparently We Wont Work If iDont Smoke With You Once . So That Means We Not Workin Right now Huh ?
Can't fucking believe that call. Robbing both my niners and my fantasy team of points you cheating pieces of shit.
"Do you promise" might be the best line in two seasons
no not yet i wanna get somethin tho :) he does skype with the people that buy his stuff so i have to buy somethin lol
RGA trying to do to Dalton (D) what DSCC did to Dole (R) in '08? define the candidate over the summer before the Fall?
Annie Hall. Agree!
I'm good. How're you?! I work independently.
I hope so, I wana feel like that some day!
My new neighbor owns a tattoo shop.
Why does my sister have to be such a fucking bitch!!!
#rhonerangers tasting event was a blast.
Mickey Mantle? No Mickey Mantle? He would be on before Rivera. Heck, so would Yogi. That guy has more rings than Zales.
I dont even ask. Cuz they just gone lie.
I was watching Warped Wednesday on Fuse today, && i saw that he got his hair cut; its way to short! D:<
Start of a new semester starts today! Gonna kill it in every way possible. #Let'sgetitstartedinhere
not an apartment. Just a house I'm thinkin about buying
your sisters are so cute!
do you see any big FAs heading to GB?
Hope your weekend is off to a grand start! Thanks for thinking of us!
Making Japanese cucumber salad n crunchy sushi roll Recipe to follow
The 3 general features of crime are actus reus (violation of law), mens rea (mental state), and concurrence of the two.
what's your number? (; you should DM me?!
Yesterday, I was on hand with Mayor Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo for the bill signing of much needed pension reform in New York State.
Lunch. Question mark.
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight <3....just a touch of the fire burnin so bright.. <3..
Celebrate International Bacon Day with #Bacon Rub Chicken Kabobs....
Happy Bday to A late happy birthday!
.. hey Kurt, I think/My family thinks Your THE Best QB That ever been on the Cardinals!.
because you're interested on fixing problem. Plenty of ppl terrible at a task but not interested in fixing it.
can you spend more time taking care of your child instead of flaunting yourself and flirting w boys 24/7 on fb? thanks!
damn i think i lost these vocals...smh
your boy Richard has my controller Hahah or do you?
La Costa Canyon 2 - cathedral 0 at the end of 1st
Bingaman staying "optimistic" but admits that moving this #CESbill will be a major challenge. One step at a time.
The one time I dont bring my wallet and I miss the bus .-. *Flips table*
I can and do report them, I just see that game type as an opportunity for those that do.
RT RT Youngbloodz Performing live this weekend in Atlanta stay tune or dm for Details!!
I hope you go AFC west to crush the #broncos 2x/yr for skipping you. Plus that means you won't crush the
Wine sale, $10 select wines
How people take the game for granted*
Clippers ain't in Lob City tonight smh
- Go Jets!
lol might be a stretch, but I hope you're right. Grady needs to stop breaking apart.
HJ, the celebs are here and u should b 2!
yea ima look to see what I can find.
Honestly while some directioners are like "Get in my bed now" and that stuff, I would just like to be very close with the boys-Kelly
that's the last time i borrow a pencil from a girl... there's only so many hello kitty charms i can take on a pencil<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Fired up for tonight or what?!?!?
It was a fight on the bus! Blood ALL OVER DUDE FACE & THE SEAT! TRAGIC! Buddy got his stuff CRACKED
The postcards are great thanks so much!
and your my first true love too... wait what
hope mayweather gets put on his ass..
I am fairly confident that is the only coffee shop jammin' Big Moe and SUC!
. Donald Hall's The Academic Self is really good on this. Becoming an academic.
Just followed everyone back who followed me thanx for the follow...shoutout:)
It's so pretty outside
U R welcome :]
IKEA town? Does that mean it's built entirely with an allen wrench?!
It's a shame you couldn't here here in the USA on one of those days because my B-day is on the 21st.
science might be the greatest thing we have in this world
well that's not good!
He sucks Ultimate Warriors mothers ass, not humble
Yeah you chuck them, huck them. I say fuck them
First, you've got to believe in the existence of "digital natives" RT Digital Natives Are Slow to Pick Up Nonverbal Cues
Hey ask Paul Allen what he thinks of now!
Dang it. Now I have to get used to Austin being in a different time zone than me.
Well done documentary of Bill Clinton's political rise/fall/rise on - look for re-runs
thanks buddy :D
- Wouldn't shut down after 7 events since he's only good for 3 quarters ?
hey!(: I have a question.
Just shot a great travel & tourism PSA with Sec. Salazar & Bryson. Coming soon to a TV near you. Stay tuned...
All great ?'s. # is an 'impact' ranking we're working on in the bg. More info & updates to it soon.
Just at the bus stop
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Yeah. With that W he washes away the 7 year itch.
Guys who love their family.
84 on my geometry test YESS!!(; ...I thought I was gunna fail
Soon, babe. Soon soon soon.
Thanks! I fixed. Good catch on your part :)
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. —Andy Rooney
not really, the last two I read...Liar and The Passage disappointed me. So I'm with you...looking
ughh me too :-\
look me in my eyes & try and feel my pain.
wow that's garbage
Another day of listening to the derp filled mewlings of no-nothing yokels.
: "Oh, you finally got to first base? You playa, you." .....
S/O TO ALL MY #Dreamchasers thats on a 100MILES OF RUNNING I got my Tracks on #LETSGO!!!
to b honest I think wwe is fuckin him up, like he look like a Gud ring wrestler, its just he shouldn't do dem 5 moves
#IWantToBe with all the time more then anything...
I miss living in San Antonio. Indiana consists of cornfields, white trash, and more cornfields.
Aww you guys are sweet. Easy to have good ideas during stimulating sesh!
I hate when I press 1 for English and still get an Indian person.
Are you going to DC nerdcache?
Breaking News: NFL season will start on Wed Sept 5th
the story is in my fav
Rough Monday - just gotta keep reminding myself I'll be in #Vegas next week...
Ouu I'd like to work for then
you're seriously a little bitch. Go tell your girlfriend goodnight and go to bed. The joke is that you don't have a girlfriend
Would you want your daughter going to a bachelor party? Not a Hallmark movie, a Lifetime Movie when someone ends up in jail ha
Why do people make their Twitter private? Go back to Facebook.
Don't worry, will still last thru August! RT : The NBA playoffs start Saturday...man that came around QUICK!
Anytime... 816-753-7382... My office is around the corner from the Sporting office in the crossroads. Or PM me for my cell.
Did you kill it today? Or, get killed I should say...haha
Can someone explain to me as to why I'm allowed on the internet????
She just wanted to know what it felt like to be the man, the myth, the legend hahaha
as a former employee, I greatly appreciate what you're doing and what you have done to Cleveland. Simply genius.
I am almost done with midterms this week. I have one more test, 6 replies, and 2 blog posts to finish and then it's spring break time.
All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything! — GARY W. GOLDSTEIN
is considering a leap out of her comfort zone...
what if it's Littlefinger? You would totally love him.
Happy moms day to all the great moms out there #dearmomma #asongformomma all day
Congrats to Natalie Portman for her role in Black Swan!
WOW Mary, thank! Insighful. My kid can't imitate on command, has vowel errors and inconsistent errors but no groping. Hm.
just doesn't 2 hrs carrying EVERYTHING up from our basement
Wine dinner is tonight.. Photos to come.. Hope you were one of the ones to reserve a seat!
thank you cupcake!
haha o i love how u use twitter as in conversation as if it were a living thing,
So annoyed..
"All you owe the public is a good performance." -Humphrey Bogart A film maker and actors responsibility :)
Lisa, we love it! Cheers to healthy hearts RT Raising a glass of red wine to salute heart health month. Remember those Omega-3s!
Asked to comment on the Jordan Classic and it's lack of U of L commits, Rick Pitino said "Really? On the day Piermario Morosini died?"
seriously underestimated how much I dig
Watching The Blind Side. So good, but making me cry.
Nuh-uh, but this canola mixed with butternut squash chunks sure isn't doing it...
Balls and wieners I need it to be
USDA Food Guide Pyramid was political not scientific doc; encouraged lots of carbs. No surprise @ overweight stats ...
RT : Get a Kindle Fire on Black Friday? Pre-order this companion now! My Amazon Kindle Fire by Jim Cheshire...
I think that the residue left over from McLouth in 2009 is gone from the fan base. Blow that candle out
Why hate people like !! If you dont no the real them, just what people say bout them ! Than your a
Thank you for being there. <3
RT : Thanks for putting in the work Coach! (Hope my English teacher gives me a C+ or higher...)
hey girl how are you, why wernt you at school today <3 ya
You think he didn't? But like I said earlier, I gotta get up with u sometime this week or next. Don't bring the sensitive joint
hahaha you're @ taco bell?
Took 3 kids rollerskating. Ended up having lots of fun till the moment where 1 peed his pants & another had diarrhea in middle of rink.
Thank you for the RT Miss Jess :)
iam sorry can u follow me back
It's "Cheeseburger Week" in Pasadena, California...But I'm in San Diego this week. So who has the best #Cheeseburger in San Diego?
Good morning! Got some running around with the girls 2 do Early mothers day gift, Amierae just telling me she loves herself :) Enjoy ur day!
UMM yeah. This wasn't the final episode. Obviously they couldn't have done that in a finale.
texting my crush.. he should be my boyfriend
It's not unheard of, but we aren't quite as reliable up there (yet) as we are in the District/Arlington. :(
Can't complain the weather is nice! dnt miss the northern weather at all
#MusicNews Beach House – “Equal Mind”
I've loved the Reds since the BRM days but this yr. it's ok cause WE GOT # 8 !!!
If they were, they're not anymore! Highs in the 70's today. :p
RT I don’t have a drinking problem. I drink. I get drunk. I fall down. No problem.
I know you happy but yah my prom June 1 && ma graduation June 12
what type of file does it need to be on w ur equip?
had a good day! at school :)
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Live tweeting John Walton and Tremper Longman on Gen 1-2 today.
Lasers do not make whining sounds or other annoying noises. You'll be able to relax and be comfortable while the dental laser is in use
Both. Not ok to disappear late RT LBJ: Last night was he A)the reason his team lost B)the reason his team was ever in the game
I like him in some things.giving it time - I hated will Ferrell for a long time & have 180d. Stiller jr only funny as a bad guy.
pls send me twitter link for #pubcrawl this Sunday. Thx!
Oh well, alright then.
OH HOW I WISH YOU COULD COME HERE.
Failing miserably has a lot of perks! You become better,tougher,wiser& a helluvalot more buoyant!
*witnesses provocative, violent acts in an otherwise peaceful context* hi escalators
Star. Been here w/folks since 4:30. We have a canopy.
hahaha just what we needed!
I hope hurry's up and follows me back. I'd be honored to have a 3 time all-conference player as my 200th follower!
yess.. great interpretation of the word!
WHERE DF IS THEE DXMN BUS AT ? I'M READYY TO GO DF OFF LIKE !!!
cinnamon toast crunch and coffee. breakfast of champions :)
Today my PT asked me if I rewarded myself for running 50miles this weekend, I said "Isn't running 50miles reward enough?"
Heads up #OKC - tonight is Whiskey Chick's owner Kevin McCracken's birthday! He's turning 21 again ;)
By the by, Edwin Maysonet hitting a grand slam is why Ron Roenicke doesn't like to intentionally walk anyone.
Cisco's Jeff Campbell says "pure" mobile data traffic driven by video
Just got home and my head is still pounding, this is ridiculous! I still haven't even gotten a call back from my doctor, wow...
Giants will take it.
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, keep on moving.
Thanks for sharing Morgan, hope you found some useful tools on BV.
oh u got jokes noy even the case no time for females and I called u right now is ur phone out of service?
So excited for the Renaissance tomorrow :)
Despite the abolition of slavery, in 2012, slave labor is still present in Brazil.
Haha.If you have time. is a really sweet guy whose just getting started and i'm trying to help him. Check him out?
oh dear. Green lantern??
Uh is it Fall today? Now raindrops? Right... I was spoiled the last few days!
We're all [[virgins]] to the joys of loving without fear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Crazy Triple Overtime game! Gaborik was due, everyone was crappin on him.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go - Oscar Wilde
Check in with to see why they’re excited for #Obama2012 after their recent voting rights victory. OFA.BO/xPJVds
that's the price i'm used to. but you live and you learn. smh
“: So now a pair of Trojans will try and get to the opposing QB for the #Packers.” thats why i call then "Trojans of the Tundra"
Had a wonderful theater/ Drama presentation with the students. Thanks you to all of those that had a chance to watch it.
Maybe a few more UO fans than Wisconsin, but one thing is for sure - it's damned warm right now, wow.
Thanks Matt
A jug fills drop by drop. Buddha
TONIGHT!!! *LEIANA* 9PM @ DOBBS!!! w/ Tidewater Grain, The Electric Boa, and Sweet Eureka!
Good point! Economic bias is the elephant in the room that we don't want to talk about, but need to.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -----Carl Sandburg
Who is taking the next 12 months to train seriously for their first #CrossFit Games experience? I know I want to be on a team for regionals!
's reliance on others for his own commentary (without as much of a link or mention) is a "bullshit cop-out" itself
Im single, i dont know how i feel about this yet
My application to the Summer Institute on Data Curation was accepted!
Sun's out! Feels like a fresh start - and it is! Happy New Year, everyone!
It's like that old saying goes, "Secrets, secrets, are no fun...especially when you HAVE TO KEEP THEM UNTIL JULY!" That might just be me.
Space still available for button accordion classes at Plaza De La Raza. Group lessons are $10. Sign up today by calling (323) 223-2475.
Anyone have a view of the Ohio River in #Ripley? Would love to do some #wakesurfing this weekend!
I like the idea, let's talk Mark.
Had a Awesome day today God has really help me strength my Faith and now all I want to do is GO Hard 4 Him in everything I do I Love My God!
I must have typed the word 'pigeon' fourteen times before deciding that it was actually spelled correctly. Not a fan of the bird or the word
Another great Grammy winning Delta Bluesman has died at 96.... R.I.P. David "Honeyboy" Edwards... Not very many originals left
Turning away from screens, turning toward activities
i did take a vacation :) its always nice to get away ..how've ya been?
Are you really having someone else fight your fights? BITCH
My only question for and regarding their covers lately: HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MINDS!?
u look pretty in that pic
yo, you got a vein that pop out the side of yo face when you rappin'
Thank you Dawn! :-)
#resume #tips When you add a new skill on your LinkedIn page, why not put that on your resume somehow? That would be a good resume idea.
Bad blood never dies. Some sins aren't meant to be forgiven or forgotten.
Your the root of this problem... Except it
Check out the Metal Ballerina's new website! www.themetalballerina.com
Girl crying in the bathroom on a club on NYE. My night is complete!!
I already have the winning ticket. Sorry love
one of those days that feels like anything is possible.
have fun!
#Humpday shout outs to all my followers and those I follow. Stay focused only two more work days.
Opinions on the whole Niall & Ali situation? #idlovetohearthem! -G :)
Like a virgin. Oo!
yeah part of it :)
you made me mad so now we have a problem .-. K
they got them in the first half. Just didn't make them
"I never had a bad day in my life" -R.Gray
ProMobile Productions, LLC offers a state of the art HD Mobile Video Production Unit to stream your event from any location, anywhere!
On Nov. 6, 2006, Colorado voters passed an amendment banning gay marriage. 2 months later the DNC picked Denver.
#IfItWasUpToMe You be able to purchase medical at any convenience store selling swishers
Q. What's the hottest thing in the world? A. Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
lady your boomerang model is worthy of Picasso. It is making my eyes bleed.
hey guys if you haven't dont forget to follow nd our awesome manager & keep on with the #ff's!
Going door to door today asking permission to remove signs in Clairemont. Got 33 signs in my back seat now!
Huntsman: 5th generation of Chinese party officials is much more nationalistic, will be a challenge for US
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter!! I love you baby girl!
& Thanks for the welcome back from my mini-twitter vacation. :)
welcome to Twitter!
G.M.N.I.: Being drunk is not an excuse. I'll hold you accountable for any & everything you say to me.
Book your cut and color with Tarah McPherson owner/stylist of Salon La Bonne Vie before the holiday! Scheduling will book up fast!
Ever had Kheer? A Rice & Milk Pudding, Served Cold, That's So Refreshing On A Hot Summer Day. Come In and Try it Out!
haha sorry I have a big mouth! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Looking for Network Programmers interested in #Europe #Dallas #austin and
4 am on Paris #WTF i still up ... Need party .. Call my girls and go out .. Chillin at the bar ? Like last night
anything bad/:?
#FMG MONEY GANG WAT IT DO YOUNG FLY MONEY wagoody nigga GET IT IN JONES was goody my nigga
"that song is delicious"
your welcome :)
Just left the HQ after having some great conversations on the role of business in catalyzing social change
me are your biggest fans we will always support you! X<3
could be the first election lost to fandom! Good job stupid!
happy birthday Philip Glass!
thanks k!
Yes! I'll talk to Mike about that again.
#Detroit I'll run thur it all if da price i$ right
if the guy is watching the bachelor, you have bigger issues
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor? - Bill Watterson
IM IN LOVE ... WITH AUSTIN MAHONE!!! Totally fan girling right now <3 xoxo
trying to be more like today
Interesting read, thanks for sharing! Have a fabulous Wednesday
I think it got accidentally turned off. Still a problem you think they would notice
Another #FF for our wonderful , who always remembered: - more...
Gillette ground crew...ballin'
Also my fantasy
when you sneeze while driving to work and can't control the things you're holding in your hands.
#Goodluck1D good luck boys ,you've gone very far ,us directioners are very proud <3
NO DONT BE SCARED TRUST ME HAPPEND TO ME ALOT GO ASK HER OUT BEFOR SOME ONE ELSE DOES lol whats her name do i know her O_O
we do that here at UVA all the time
definitely Wine
Happy Hour at 10 - the Draft Beers are $5, the Happy is free.
Wise people understand that substance always supersedes the superficial, superstitious, and the superfluous!
losing my day drinking virginity this year at carb day haha
I hope you are busy readying lots and lots of brisket cemitas for tonight! We'll be there!
High maintenance people <<<<<<<
#NP better off this way- A Day To Remember <3
I love love.
Cool! I was in jazz up through high school, I really enjoyed it, but had trouble with some of the advanced music theory.
Better than yo ex, fresher than yo next
only does nice things if he gets something nice back. Why don't you just want to make me happy?!
..so tomorrow is my sisters wedding....i'm gonna sticky string her Lol i will take some pics and show you wish u could help:)
Hot guy at hollister
QR codes used for: contests, ads, billboards, name tags (contact info), real estate house videos/sales. Endless possibilities.
much better than climbing this machine, you go Brian- total world make over please
Maybe you people were all bigger to start with? My sister's Norwegian father-in-law is still a tall man at 75(ish).
im going to sign up for gmnastics y mom is takin me soo um ur parents will need to take u soon i guess
oh well goodnight boo<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
well the clips will have to worry about the mavs next year, they're stacking up.
So if your auto-DM to new followers ends with a ?, you need to follow them to get a response. Might explain the silence.
HAHA! woohoo! You are a close runner up though. LOL
and your birthday is coming up!
Eating at prince's fried chicken in Nashville....featured on
Funny thing about butterflies?Half the time you wish you didnt have them and the other half is wishing you still had them when they are gone
america needs to tell king Obama to get out of libya
Deanna & newcomer Gina, great to hear! RT 2 ladies @ the bar took good care of me. 1st time there...I'll be back!
sign up put name on wait list www.likejuice.124online.com
Or they're behind you as they're looking at your phone/camera being kinda creepy.
I crack myself up lmao
You joined Twitter on my Birthday! Oct 5th!
Don't give personal information to strangers?
We are ending the year with the student/teacher talent show.
Sago palms ("palmlets") for sale at Tudor Place, today! Get there by 4 for this and FREE ENTRY to our gardens.
it's just extra fiber, right?
follow us..have a good day
assumption 1: learners need guided learning experiences Boettcher
putting together the design for a new tattoo I'll be getting soon
Question: If you could do anything in the world right now, what would you do?
Actually i have a couple of other things promised. is this a regular thurs. night thing? I'll check it out when I get back. TKU
you absolutely will!! Looking forward to seeing ya!
that's the hope! P.s. my 700th tweet was a reply to you. Congrats!
Dang it. I need a mandolin slicer. I have a recipe that calls for mandolining.
you mean they year the pretty much beat USC and lost to MSU on a bullshit fumble call?
Hitting BK bars tonight with my partner in crime, last night needs an encore Summer 2012
lmao yes mam... Go bk n tell ms ryals she can kiss ass just bout all is in healthcare!!! WITHOUT HER
“: What's the biggest achievement in your career?” It would have to be those hair plugs, they worked brilliantly
ok you convinced me : ) we are going to try our best! House party??
Oh wow! :D That sounds like fun. I love vacation bible school! I wish it came more often. Lol :)
If you have signed up for the weekly Thursday Network Digest but are not receiving it, please check your spam folder.
yeah, I just noticed that its leap day.
what time does show start? are going!
Wow it's 12<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I could have sworn 10 seconds ago it was like 11:30
I'll let it slide.
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of your support :) you are all amazing <3
Got a salad fm mcdonalds...its like getting a hug fm a hooker
mother love bone always puts me in a good mood
Thanks for the kind words! Did you enjoy the Doctor?
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. ~ Benjamin Franklin
. Again, NO mention of police brutality. Recuse yourself from any jury duty.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
Busy man, I don't have time to worry about not having the business lol. How about up there?
this is the 3rd speeding ticket not including other traffic violations lol
Watching another soccer game, freezing my butt off
#PlansForTheSummer have fun while I'm still a minor. Have more fun when I'm legal. Randomly disappear from this valley like I always wanted.
Seems to me like a lot of people had a good time last night. Lol.
thanks! I think we're OK for now but maybe in the future!
Sold 2 more doll beds today :) so so happy!!
Christmas is only 3 months away!
#bizethics First day of tracking consumption patterns? Get after it, Biz Ethics students!
Grandma's having babies... Only on
I must admit..... At 28, I drool when I sleep!
“: Idk how to sleep with clothes on anymore.”
Fun day assisting teachers for audio mixing classes and then editing the video for the Skyway Fitness Project.
A Top 10 list is upcoming for the next blog
Everyone is comparing Google Drive to Dropbox while ignoring Amazon's Personal Document Service which might be the best of them all.
Ever think about buying a franchise?? A pizaa place or a coffee shop? We'll show you what it takes Next Ohio Means Business
cute who
In Visimeet, use your contact list as a buddy list feature and instant message your contacts
The MAN has his boot on all our necks
“: Hummel was wheeled off the court on A stretcher, but the problem is cramps and dehydration not the knee.”. Wow.
i just started and I'm 33yrs old RT
“: You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours. #GirlFacts”
i wanna go to new york man....
They are playing Taylor Swift on four different stations in #Kentucky right now. I finally found a reason to come home.
These dogs go from apocalypse-scale trouble-making to snoring like 220 lb hoomans in the space of 10secs
We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only
I NEED MY COOKIE DOUGH HE MADE ME ORDER FROM HIM NOW.
Thanks Boo #Appreciate the love
Locking in St Bonnie +6.5 and this is a little bit of a force, but sometimes I can't talk myself off of things. Looking at Bama in about 1hr
you ain't about that life boy<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085> ha I love that
Good morning!!! Do you have your hrs yet for the $2500 Freeroll? Double hours start in just a few mins. Come on over and get in the game!
RT : haha, twitter needs one! #like - RT with the #like hash, it's the twitter way.
2 New shows posted @ bobbieadair.com
Oh well I guess I could take one for the team and have a few more! XD
Number of drug-addicted newborns triples - The Salinas Californian
Do some online comparison pricing on similar vehicles with similar miles
Do you enjoy sharing your DREAMer story? Send a 2-3 min video to for feetintwoworlds.org
Everyone is safe and settled. Long day of travel. Tomorrow we hang with the young moms and their kids.
Just applied for the Mentorship program!
why u dont follow anyone ?
So much to do, yet so little time..
A year ago, I was in Taiwan, on may way to a pottery museum.
Awesome job on today , glossedandfound!
I wish I wasn't do bad about wearing my seatbelt ... Im the worst at remembering to put it on
STARTING 5 BEING REP'ED BY DEVIOUS TODAY IN COLUMBUS..WONetwork! ARE YOU GUYS ON SIRUS TODAY?
You have so much swagger every day. Girls want to be you...How'd the chicken turn out?
awww Nya are you okay? If you need to talk im here!
Hm technical difficulties continue
The monsters coming back...slowly calling my name...
when u gonna be here sir?
and it makes my day when calls me a saint for sending her those pictures... :) x
Aww. They grow up so fast, don't they. :)
I always thought the "Don" in Don Cornelius was a title since he was the Godfather of soul(train)
RT Microsoft is investing in Barnes & Noble. Get ready to have to close and reopen a book randomly to keep reading it.
If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. -John 15:18 -- Bible Scripture ()
welcome to twitter. bring on the tweets
Mice are the smartest smelliest sneakiest little fuckers. Lol
Jesus is still ever present...
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Face Painting Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
it's just a few hours of hard work every day :)
cool. Are you legal yet? Lol
will he play end or outside backer?
humility is our acceptance of ourselves ...www.soberlivinghouston.com
i would like to thank #extraspacestorage for the help yesterday...i can enjoy the holidays somewhat better now.
follow me for DMed deets or look for an email later this weekend :)
Now I can't get that song "snapbacks and tattoos" out of my head.
Okay, Baylor is bringing it w/ the neon...now the baskets!!
thx. Come back to Nashville & we'll hang longer. I didn't get to be awkward....
Good morning. Are you available for a call?
Next week will be our #mediachat guest. CAN’T WAIT! Join us next Thursday same time, same place!
Lucky :( RT When I get home, I am going to get myself a mc chicken :'D <3
Phoenix is hot.
omg I would buy it!!
I just wanna find my Tom Scavo already <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
everytime I go out...
I dreamt that I was proposed to. WTH?! Have a good day, everyone!
Bootcamp yesterday...kickboxing today. Misery tomorrow.
Last min openings today and tomorrow for tattoos. All you twitter folks, ill hook it up if you come in, keep me busy
Warriors Won, Thunder Won and It's my Friday. Today/night was good
I had it at Fornos. I'm not good with the texture and it had a small amount of tentacles on it.
I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is dream..
Same stories..just different plays
"I'll Have Another!" And so ends another #KentuckyDerby #RunForTheRoses!
Looking for a great place to lift? Look no further than ! Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
Ask 5 economists and you'll get five diverse answers - 6 if one went to Harvard.
The video of the pope playing with an iPad makes me think: is he too old to think? Does he think...thoughts?
hahaha i really wouldnt know how to organise one HA!
#Tiger #Woods is going to be playing #Golf tomorrow with the only guy who can and WILL beat him, Graeme McDowell (Chevron 2010).
Thanks for making my afternoon a little more enjoyable #jukeallthetime #showtime lives on
Not wearing underwear tonight, YOLO.
Sws on my tl wow I wanna cry because happy
#benson Do you know what #TWAfterHours is? If you don't its when talk very dirty about the boys....
Btw , Chris Webber, NBA star, was in last night for some of 's cheese. He wants to come back when we have venison.
tomatoes want full sun and regular water. but you'll want to put a tomato cage around them, which usually discourages the dog.
Time for Change!!!
please tout my column. Miss you guys.
It deserves #diplomaticimmunity because it's a book talk about being black led by a black writer.
If MOM says it's ok then I'm cool with that LOL
Whenever I see Harry Connick Jr., all I see is his Simpsons character.
Is watching 'the wolfman'. With a snoring cat on my armpit. And man she is loud!
So what the hell is up in the land of politic$? I was numb most of today after stupor tuesday....
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
If the fog doesn't clear maybe could swing by and get you in his #SMILEcon go-cart.
they cn be rude too (very rude)
Good to see Nimoy back on
WHOA AM I REALLY DAT WET?
Shout out to gurl tho, she me and my niggas favorite hoe!
I can't get over DMX on Couples Therapy on VH1 B...
That is not right lol thanks babe
..would you forgive your enemies?
Well my bracket was ruined by #FSU #Duke #Mizzou and #MichiganState... But my National Championship is still alive.
#ReasonsToLoveTexas and are from there
what inspired you to follow me? can i tell i like bacon too?
Indonesia in da house!! Thank you!!!!! RT “: Happy birthday Karina, keep beautiful. Luv u :*”
ah, wish I was home! -- from Chicago.
Opening drive down the field and a Score!!! #GoBrowns!!
Just registered for #sxsh social health meeting in Philly next Monday. Can't wait!
Beautiful weather here in sunny SD. We hope everyone is getting their base tans going for this amazing summer that we're sure to have!
It sold over ten million units Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years
Had meatloaf for lunch since last night's veggie dinner resulted in a dream best described as half Chronicle of Narnia, half Deliverance.
IM GETTIN READY FOR THIS SNOW STORM!!!!
Sad to leave #thatcamp #se and all the fabulous people - new & old. Great sessions today & lots to think about & DO! Thanks y'all!
All the evidence is right in front of them! Is the system really that blind and twisted????
Real Hoopers wear Nike socks and Sperrys
Good late morning! It's been a Fantastic Week and now for the weekend! T. Gozney Thornton at the Wall Saturday & Football on Sunday!
I'm spending my Saturday with a bunch of 18 year olds making a movie in a bowling alley. Flashback to the Cinema Floor!
So glad a guy with an already established career in the music industry working w/ one of the biggest artists in the biz won #thevoice. : |
they got VIP?
I don't live with you! Who are you? If my wife saw this she would be pissed!
What are you guys doing for the #Bucks game tonight?! Are you going to watch the NFL Draft, also?
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle 5/13 | 10PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Ink and dagger
Best Price High Sierra Trapezoid Boot Bag Boot Bag, Black Reviews ...
enjoying this Saturday morning!!.
just bought tickets to go see wooooop :-)
#3WordsForYou I love you. <U+2661>
I'd love to meet up with you guys too, and let me know if you do the meetup
I need money! Paycheck please!!!!
My best friend is on that team. Check him out! I'll tell him you speak highly of him.
Sittin alone in the living room...no love from the roomies tonight
I love eating
Thank u for Da
It's gonna be a romp!
Gah!! Why can't smash be on tonight!! I hate waiting till mondays! Seems so long!
thanks very much for the follow! Please let me know if have any mattress or furniture needs?
interest something witty here. I'm too tired to do so :D
Are you a small business? What do you do?
My house!
Thank you to all of the LC students for their kind words and support tonight. You all made it a wonderful year. See you tomorrow.
A sober Jerquan is just as ugly tho.
Sara, thanks for coming out & helping make this inaugural event a blast! We can't wait for next year.
on to the next one.
Wow. I didn't think I'd be THIS into this movie.
Okay, we'll answer this one (multiple requests for clarification) right here. Contractors' in RED fields are SUSPENDED.
who are u? lol i cant DM back.... but uhm do i know u?
Wishing all the Mom's out there a wonderful day! Happy Mother's Day to you.
Hey Lance , have you performed at all since you left the Monte Carlo? if so where .
The Real Debt Ceiling @ daryldorsey.com. (Read blog) God has called us to become great managers!
Living a life with a constant hope that you can make a difference while earning a living seems impossible sometimes.
found a ginger on the side of the road and took him home
I almost bust my ass
Kobe is pulling a LeBron
Enjoy!! I had all kinds of plans to meet up w/ folks, but instead I walked arnd in a daze, wide-eyed & cmpletly overwhelmed!
#leadfromwithin How do I join??
modifying posts off...
Another Legend gone (Donna Summer) R.I.P!!!! ;..) She will be Missed!!!!
Sorry can't be there!
When are we working out together?:)
thanks for all your answers!
Stapler in block of lime Jello. Simple! Classic!
I remember the photo of Mussolini's shot, beaten hanged upside-down body. As a teen, it taught me what happened to bad men.
Knock down silos in IT Collaborate with users. Use knowledge to help them be successful. We are a learning Institution
haha well I Want to so bad
Such a glorious day today!!! =D
We're counting on you to be on twitter during the French Open. Don't let us down! ;-)
because music is a part of who we are!
What should I eat tonight?
#SometimesItsEasier as soon as you embrace the fact that anything worth having takes hard work, true grit and perserverence
See you tomorrow for the opening market!
Indian Hindu chanting at the #Oscars... LOL! Just, lol!
RT : I have to straighten up the house before the maids come.
excellent weather in Pittsburgh.. but I can't fight the urge to ski. Anyone know of any good deals in the Pocono Mts??
That was some Asik defense Chicago.
yeah, I like smaller ones too. This will be my first annual. Have to go for emerging leaders stuff.
Let's go Bash!!! At the #MononBell debate and ready to hear our Wabash students defeat DePauw.
Am I damn lobster? No? Then turn down the heat
I love your songs! <33
I still can't get over the fact that Justin bieber says swagey in boyfriend!
Fill in the blank and RT: "My favorite tap song is _____________".
you're talking about the game show scene later in the movie with that line, aren't you?
YES!!!! Do it and don't look back.
Where are you from ?
...And tomorrow night, we're having another F451 discussion for those interested in getting more outta the book.
I want to thank my mother for keeping me fed clothed and sheltered as a child.She was overprotective as hell,but now I understand.
Oh how easily, and completely one forgets the ghettofabulousness redneckishness of Huntsville
met at #warehouse and #roxy on your bday reminding you about my event #MAY27th #PARTYRIOT look foward to working with you
Mean bacon
I can't believe that discussion questions for High Fidelity by Nick Hornby don't exist. Really?
Hate it when I wake up with cold sores. :(
"It's Not the strongest of the species that survive, Nor the most intelligent, but The One Most Responsive to Change"CharlesDarwin Which RU?
also working on how much orange I should go with. Ears? Belly? It's different every time. I'm a fail-forward kind-of guy.
"Good" day -> getting a First Class upgrade tonight. "Great" day -> finally flying home to my gal / kiddos after a week onthe road.
I don't want to wear pants. We all have dreams.
lol I do not ! “: noticing that looks a lot like demi lovato :O <3”
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
But you guys are going to be so close to us next week! Just add a couple days and drive north. ;-)
Stop coming into my room and talking to me. You're so annoying I cannot even handle
I have a lot to say, it is just that most of it is spectacular and astounding!!
whoops, did do booker, forgot to add that...
you , sir , are a sad cunt .
I got him and Dullahan.
She does that too.
yeah I think I watch too much American television lol
ready to stay home
It's change my life in that I get overwhelming support on my work and really inspiring messages from followers/readers
My dumbass still hasnt learned from mistakes I've made .
Turn off: someone with onion lips lol
whys chubbs dressed like a lady?
So excited new bedroom set in 2 days
<Stellar. If you can bring some fine Cognac back, consider it............
I can connect you with my friends that have : Vanessa, Margot, jimmy, Jen.. Lettme know
your unfollow software doesn't allow enough time- u should check ur settings- u r followed.
Tonight and 10pm We will be sacrificing a goat onstage to the Pagan god of comedy
I wish someone will talk me to sleep!
(AP) -- Ex-Ill. Gov. Rod Blagojevich arrives at Colo. prison to begin 14-year sentence for corruption
Yah, I know :) I saw it on YT while looking up videos of Toer. Do you live in Jakarta? Would love to read your work!
If you're interest submit your knitted wears in the Holiday gift show.
Just got it last week :) RT : Do you have a lens flare license?
Listening to on kpft on SOS radio
Yep, it's me. Tried to respond to the DM, but it didn't work.
Sorry your day was shitty on your bday
so i got an iphone
The Slap Shot is Chilling On Ice Tonight For A Big PayDay. Let's go Penguins
LOL. I wish, but I don't think he'd like me. Talk about a crazy screwed up P-Diddy/Ricky Williams deal!
Maybe high-hat of me tht it matters, but #ColumbusCircle was brilliant mr.
Going to get some Ice Cream.!
dane cook
Is it over for the Magic?
But I did enjoy it, and I appreciated the distinct 90s-y-ness of it.
Oh you mad cause knowbody ever did it like me..
Holy fawwwk. My dad's snoring is on some other shit tonight.
Agree. Cousins will battle for No. 2. Analysts to say this is media contrived QB controversy don't know fans.
Solid day - #ADPonCampus #Calpoly Pomona LBSA, coffee chat, and on my way to Univ of La Verne for an etiquette dinner!
Glad you dig it!! Thank you for the support!!!!
Good news! We are in the process of sourcing buffalo so we can keep our burger on the menu! It's too good to say goodbye to
There's also a guy running for metro council nicknamed "micro"
Pens game!!! pc4pc???
Wicked Mad RespecT U GUYs Had A MOsh Pit Goin Down at Last Night!!!!
Happ pitches like Tom Glavine minus the stuff and 6 foot strike zone.
"78% of bus. & orgs believe the value of a job candidates environmental knowledge will increase in importance as a hiring factor"...
Anyways work tomorrow in the AM! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
gushers are my favorite! Best late night snack <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
You're show distracted me from memorizing lines last night! Absolutely hilarious!!!!! Off to the dog park today :)
Crazy that a 12 men on the field penalty cost the pats the game.
New menu starts today and all drinks are $2 after 8pm. We hope that's worth a RT #Madison!
I guess it is literally & figuratively. He's pretty sexy in the suit though...pr. ;-)
btw, i follow all the people who follow me.
Buzzed after being in a business meeting :o
At the concert! J cole about to go!
Hip hip hooray! I just got into the Cycling for Libraries unconference & I'll be biking through the Baltics this summer!
Have a question for the U-T's EconoMeter panel? Tweet us your topics!
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
question... How do u trim? Do u always trim when straight?
God never blinks...im never scared cus I know whos lookin down me
its dollar night
Thanks, Julie!
Get a Dachshund!!! They're small but are full of personality, they don't smell, they're good guard dogs, & are just the best.
I am
You guys are really good. Would you like free promotion? Email me at to get started!
Glad ya like it out loud! RT : Listening to old Back and forth with has me laughing out loud! Not lol-ing.
Hey - We had a blast playing Logo last night! 3 families, 4 teams = Tons of fun!!
Amazing. The Right exemplifies EVIL but points at everyone else to deflect from that fact. Talk about false prophets!
Know any #Albuquerque Public Schools that needs some fundraising help? Let us know...we are here to help!
i know this is early but gongrats to my cousin very special next year :D
Im so tired but yet i cant seem to get to sleep thanks twitter.
I know it will be a great day when I get to show students a lock of Frederick Douglass's hair! And other cool stuff too!
The only time i eat meat is if its mexican food. Im like i just couldnt live without mexican food!! <3
Stupid people think I'm judgmental.
Great news!!! RT Jim Owczarski is unanimous new City Clerk
At The Publican with old friends. I like hanging with 80 year olds..
Take risks, live life, and bask in the warm light of a loving universe.
anyway what time in there? :)
As a dj i like to check out other spots(venues) frm time to time to see wht keeps them going.......
that shouldn't be too bad, unless he doesn't have any #rollgame (roll as in drum roll)
what's wrong Jayde? :(
i am a new fan too and think we match up better with Detroit
wow why else you think you ain't seen me ? Lol I've been gone a year . Smh
Looking forward to getting back to my research and heading to the library at the in June. Who will be in Rome?
just saw that on some site and thought you'd like that!
rules change with each shift of cops at
#nw Bruce Live in NYC. Sorry to 's tv speakers.
Thanks For Hacking Me!
o ok , lol
Thank you for sharing this! Bree has done a great deal of volunteer work for #RISD, and is a very talented artist.
you too, pretty!!
Going to barnes and noble c:
& then as they count down to contact, the broadcast goes out. It reminds me of 9/11. 2
Already broke a nail
#libmade Joseph is depressing me but it's so necessary for us to hear. We need to re-focus.
Taylor S. doesnt belong with Joe!
But all you got is some fucking issues you fucking bitch . (;
Thanks for the #FF =) hope you have a great weekend!!
Goodnight :) TOMORROW IS FRIDAY!!
TY for the RT Rachel! Hope all is well!
my knowledge of cults is pretty limited :)
we appreciate the love 241 fuk with us sweety
are we doing anything tonight?
If you do not go after what you want you<U+FFFD>ll never have it
Starting to get really hungry. What's this Hunger Games movie about? Because when I'm hungry, I don't like playing games!
just kinda hanging around after a long tiring day! hah what's your name?
I hear you. Just my way of saying that it would be nice to see you. Best of luck, Becky.
There's nothing more comforting than finding out a weight loss program is following you.
I'm defenitly not getting on any site tomorrow just to see about 4/20. Shit annoys me
How's it going, ?
Thank you for being so generous with your time and answering all of our questions. It was a great experience.
Another lovely experience with IFBs.
Haha tell me about it. I can't use a phone as a phone anymore. It wants to play.
is drinking and broom riding illegal
Thank you! See you all soon!
who wants to whip their hair with me? ;) reply to this if you do :D
You don't sag pants for niggas too see the belt you tuck your shirt in
Gotta get this day started
Sasha baron K 4 role in the richie farmer movie
show tonight @ the London Billiards & Club Oasis Worcester, MA with Lost In The Paradox, Bomb Pilot, Outa-my Mind, and ROOT NINE 8pm $10 18+
A people-pleasing personality is more of a curse than a gift in my book.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Laugh at things that Rosie O'Donell says....she's not funny...
okay, thanks for letting me know! hope your trip is okay!
my computer is not fast enough #petpeeve and it's sunny and 85 and I'm working :(
I am sleepy, bored, and stressed... oh the joys of being a college student....
was it 48 low
#iRemeberWhen Life was easy
You can copy and add flare but, its the original that inspired you
You look very sexy as an egg.
Its friday im in love.
emma uses lexas too!
I'll take a look at it in the morning. Have to work tonight.
talking to my best friend hooker #imisshim :)
Too expensive for what? A single monopoly airline in Philadelphia would be way more profitable than several competing airlines.
MIXTAPE DONE MIXIN AN MASTERIN WELL BE OUT NEXT WEEK!!!!!!!! D.O.E THE SQUAD WE TAKIN OVER LOOK FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
the inside is closed
my son
Uh... yeah right.
I should probably go to sleep....
Thanks for the follow! Always looking to meet new directors and actors! Playwright Matthew Ethan Davis
I see those after school lessons are paying off lmao Can I take a picture of them xD
nah this is the everyday mix that's been running at bellagio recently
Too busy to tweet but blessed to be so.
I feel bad for because I assume they ran out of time or money, but there was an implicit narrative promise broken.
Take my hand, close your eyes With you right here, I'm a rocketeer Let's fly
Thanks for the credit!
She deserves it. she's a little girl who knows nothing. She strings guys along and uses the fact they lover her against them.
Monday thanks for the #FF and Mentions! :-)
Got some muffins from Just Muffin Around!M Good.Looking for Video work!Who wants to be on youtube?
follow me pretty please!!!!
So and I are thinking: Maybe this game will end with same score as the Tigs game last night, 15-5. How bizarre that would be.
CONGRATULATIONS Music Fans Around The World Voted You... Favorite New Country Star of November 2010
lol I'll cook for you butt naked if you call me daddy... ;)
Siri can't cancel subscriptions
The best milkshake I ever had was in Wyoming. I think. It was near a major national park.
Congrats #Nats! Awesome win! Lovin the revived offense! Take that Phillistines!!
This is what I keep saying.
Worst invention of all time - Helicopter Ejection Seats Chalk one up for the Belgians
Beats the hell out of plain-ol'-depressive...
Did they get it right when they made it big? Or just more wrong?
Here at the dealership and we are wrapping up the deal *thisclose* Unless you wanna knock more off? :) lol
Welcome to the family. glad to have you. xoxo-abbie
nothing much work work work.
No sex for you! No twinkie for her!
": It'd be nice to go a day without some sort of drama happening" I hate being on Maury too.
sounds like a good week.
Indeed. Sounds like a good cranium-filling headphone record.
Would you be my Satellite?
In #coxsackie with and
I treat my B*tch like an ATM machine.
Aww man and I'm limping smh
get on Kevin!
i know right, my mums gone out!-_-
So I'm up for no reason,,, can't fall asleep,,,
I saw you talking about some girl earlier. i see youre moving on lmao
And I need to stop snapping and shut up before I get fired
The Silk Tie likes Nelson!
Anthony Shadid, two-time PulitzerPrize Ny times reporter and Uw alum, died. A tragic loss for the news-reading public.
New THings are happening....
"Mystery creates wonder, and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand." - Neil Armstrong
Thnx for the RT - you guys had everybody on their feet in Louisville. See ya in Indy.
. fans Monday we talk to the #MenAtWork star! If you have questions please be sure to tweet them to us!
I really wanna go see
I know it's so wrong we can get crappy DSL or crappy cable, and no one else can come in cause of the monopolies set up.
Today made me really sad. I hope tomorrow is better.
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food. Sigh.
F.M.G. & N.A.B ABOUT TO TAKE OVER
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
I'd like to be everything you want...
TGIF!! Going to be a good weekend! Going out with for his pre wedding celebration!
Wow, let me go reread..... I didn't see anything THAT controversial (btw, the increase is pretty kick ass)
RT Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -L. Hughes
thank you so much for joining us! :-)
Same here
In the best place in the whole wide world #mybed sleeping todays troubles away to awake with new ones lol! #gn :-)
I hate a pussy ass nigga!
#10FacebookTips delete it and get a twitter X 10
that hairstyle killing P-Pain “: Yall niggaz be killing me man lmao”
U could do liquid lunch RT : Never made it out for lunch today. Anything fun happening tonite?
Washington Tournament Get’s New Sponsor The yearly hard court Washington DC warm-up event to the US/Canada Masters swing has received a n
Don was GREAT today! Thanks for the work you do to train servant leaders!
I love these kids! They make the world go round! Aynnsley and Allie :) Love ya gals! HateLies<3Trust
« who tryna hoop , lol me & finna go outside & shoot around .»
Just under 24 hours until Bike The Drive!!!
Yes its really early.. Good morning..
Waking up with a headache is the worst
I've heard guyz saying ma condom broke. Ma advice is alwayz make sure ur condom is double strapped only if u don't wanna pay child support.
Breakfast: coffee and the Wall Street Journal or a protein shake and ESPN Magazine? I HAD BOTH. Coffee at 8 and ESPN at 10.
Great new Lofts available in the Investment Building! Pics coming soon!!!
glad your flight made it safely to your destination
does anyone know how to look at your retweet history?
Yikes. How do they define "young" RT : RT : Young people-14% of population, account for 58% of total costs of car inj
From Vince (4:20pm): Dodge Co. warning has been cancelled. Storm weakened below svr limits.
In loving memory of Barbra and mater my 2 favorite fish that I had for ONLY one DAY!! R.I.P :( ! 9-25-11 9-26-11
- that made me giggle
County exec Ike Leggett, Council Membera George Leventhal and Phil Andrews joined us this evening.
totally loving the new Bombadil album Tarpits and Canyonlands! many thanks Bryan for sending it my way!
Good morning Twitter friends! I'm up early it's a nice sunny day!! :)) ! I'm going to get my tweets caught up today!! Tweet you all later!
Baltimore Police Commissioner Frederick H. Bealefeld, I to reitre
FREE LAP DANCE DAY FRIDAY MARCH 23rd! Noon to Midnight!
Get to your TV set now! will be performing Live at 9 on WREG News Channel 3! You don't want to miss this!
why would you say that? =(
you make twitter fun again
Malcolm Floyd a very key piece of this offense
So then what you're saying is it's a political statement for you. Like not shopping at Target?
Four steps to business success - step #4: Influence the friends of your fans
If this spring weather is getting you excited for Browns baseball, "like" this post
#NF Finding new people to Follow <U+30C4>
When all else fails try God! He never fail.
Brazil is now losing 2 zero. Yeah boy!!!!!
": Tomorrow! #SugarBowl #Michigan vs #VirginiaTech! Can't wait!!! #GoBlue"Hail to the Victors!
follow back? :)
I want my 4,000th tweet to be me taking off from the airplane to Rome. I think I can do it...
I'm sure Duke will win but Lehigh is playing tough. Keep it up Lehigh!
Great day so far! Feeling good about what's happening
Well, consider them all followed. This is gonna be fun.
: "I am proud to stand with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and many others to support "
What up maign?!
that was a very nice surprise ;)
Aw Lucky looked so nice.
i think my dog just walked into my room, farted and then left... erm..
Thanks for the inspirational articles/blogs you do for writers. You're definitely a good follow.
Thx for all of your helpful advice at #CCNLC. The is pretty skilled at social media but still learned so much!
Tick Tock Tick Tock patiently...er (attempting to be at least) waiting for the West Coast #ProjectRunway episode to air!
Earth day heck yea!!
The monster in Big Trouble in Little China looks like he could have played in the chuck e cheese band
If that's your flavor try The Ritz or Esso too
send ur air checks to
I'm great. Just grinding. How about u?
Where did you order from? I wish I could play. Looks like a fun co-op game and I missed the train for past Diablo games.
Good luck!!!
Me, & bout to get white girl wasted lol
did u follow me if not please follow ;)
good luck! I love DC. Soak it up.
that is so great, I'm glad to hear it!! I hope they have an amazing experience.
We are fillin up fast!!! Bar top already full!!
It simply sucked; I'd take any fast food burger over this crap.
I consider sandals to be different from Flip Flops
FYI RT : Strip club etiquette: Don't lick your strippers back. This is frowned upon : (
text me and when do u come home?
Attending NTEN Book Club online: Media Rules! by Brian Reich and Dan Solomon
Rather use it towards beer...then charity!!!
"I turn .. and look to the American people, and to that God who has never forsaken them." #quote Abraham LIncoln:Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
LOL you were right, thanks.
redmond west,working for MS
upgraded large lights at the wash! Going to be a lot brighter and way more energy efficient!
RT if you hate tweeting something you think is just genius and no one even retweets or mentions it...
didn't see that one coming
it's gonna be so good! :)
Ok twitter I'll be back in 30days given you up for
Getting ready for beginnimg of the inauguration!
Remider: Georgetown College men's basketball team tips off at 8 p.m. against Lee University (Tenn.) Thursday in Kansas City in NAIA tourney.
What a good weekend with (:
If your hated your winning. No one really hates on teams who always lose.
Follow me on instagram
My new bedtime sucks.
I think we share the same view.
RT :) RT @ daynanicole Just read ur article on Building Support Systems & said WOAH too many times to count! A MUST READ http:/
profuse nosebleeds :( it got bad to the point where that has to be up my nose for 24hrs.
Nice feature. Have you worked with many other area restaurants?
I don't think they know that lol (:
Much like Pete Martell, is a prince of a man
“: I was kidding. I just wanted to say something” this explains most things on twitter.
I love to serve fish with veggies. My son loves it. Carrots and Green beans are his fav
CONGRATS TO AND to winning the Brit award for british single! :) <3
"Healthy Southern Food" doesn't have to be an oxymoron.
with the #newfacebook it's harder to maintain a balance between personal and professional life. everyone knows everything!
I wouldn't expect you eating anywhere else!
RETWEET IF YOU ARE MEXICAN OR SPEAKS SPANISH
so sorry for your loss, sir.
hope to have a great night & even better day tomorrow & yes I am blonde with blue eyes.. Nightynight ;)
"Turn To You is decicated to Selena" So Justin came out of Selena's vagina. Haha NO
"dont have sex, cause you will get pregnant and die."
I hate acronyms with every part of my soul. If you don't KNOW that I know your stupid acronym, TYPE IT THE FUCK OUT
call my mothers phone assap.
hell no you are way better looking than brandi!!!! ;)
When I'm single it gives me time to think of what kind of girl I want and what kind I don't want
Wish I could be there. Left #devlearn right after the expo ended.
You can't stop a pig from wallowing in the mud...Yoruba Proverb.
Thanks, will certainly check you out!
nothing worse than tweeting about suprising your gf with little presents.
High School Flyer Right Hurrrrr.
Yeah, but I'm originally from that #816 Kansas City, MO! >> RT : Aren't you in Vegas though?!
Go Pats!
jay just informed me that, "if your single now you need a picture of your dick on your phone."
went grocery shoppin got everything I needed n more for >$50 n I bought expensive feta cheese. I know how 2budget. My gf calls me cheap lol
Chicago News: daily news, local news and TV news - WGN
No one better talk badly about avocado in my presence
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and receive without forgetting................
Hope everyone had a great Thanksiving! Back to work to try and crawl out of our food comas :)
It is not the places that grace men, but men the places Agesilaus the Second King of Sparta 401-360 BC
yes I'm finally 21!! Thank you and love you too! Can't wait to celebrate with u guys!
She's singing "Beautiful" by Christina Aguilera.
Hey my sexy babies. D Swan is doing some improv tomorrow night @ the Neon Venus Theater. 7023 Melrose Avenue Hollywood, CA. $10...but funny.
Someone please tell me why the one direction boys are saying #zap cus I'm pretty confused...
S/o to for going live lastnight at his new club "CLUB GROOVE" is taking over these clubs in San Antonio
VOICE FINALE TONIGHT...
Drinking spiced rum and watching Human Planet.
Ive been texting #oomf all day! :o
My brother mumbles so bad when he talks , it pisses me tf off ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Can I get a follow back please. Desparate for followers. :) ;)
or in the case of your mother
The main guy is a bit of a conspiracy theorist: he hates chemtrails. You might checkout for more on that horrible practice.
Looking for a vintage-y country location for an album shoot, nothing cliche. C'mon Nashville peeps, help a gal out!!! Shoot is on Tuesday!
hey please follow me back :)
Butterly Clinic-Sunday 9am @ LMU. Learn tips and drills for perfecting your butterfly and swimming more efficiently. Call office to register
I need some more hats
she dyed the bottom blue & purple
Just did my best version of #Dado in magical NYC running weather. :)
Ello, Maine. You're looking dapper.
Totally!! Very exciting! When is graduation?
Agree. I don't really see how an automated tool could be considered curation. IMHO, curation means brainpower used, decisions made.
yes! Same here. X-ray showed my sinuses were plugged. I was sure he'd bring out the drill and instead it was antibiotics.
Come on and raise your glass for me
Without Change ~ There Can be No Breakthrough. Without Breakthrough ~ There Can be No Change :)
you know I have that in print now! I made you laugh I made you laugh ;) great job today!
Semi-finalist and junior at Carnegie Mellon University, Sean Pack, was inspired to start performing after seeing an NSYNC concert!
If you want a famine,/get mad at someone.
Re: "who" vs. "whom" - we know, we know. Sorry - that extra character was very valuable though!
A real girl avoids drama, knows her time is precious & isn't wasting it on unimportant things.
Ohh Thats soo cool girl! I play the guitar :]] and Aleks has a really good voice :] XoXo.
Lol!! A Pug stalker. Let's catch up tomorrow homie!
If could be in this bar right now, they'd know it doesn't matter what Big Ten school you go to, Journey unites everyones.
cooking pizza and going over lines for filming tomorrow. There's nothing quite talking to yourself, by yourself!
Wicked Tweeters and #TeamFollowBack in your spare time check out our facebook page and Like it! Everyone who does that will get a ShoutOut
The best is yet to come!!!!!
um, no Tonie I don't think that's you standing in front of that mirror lol.
when do I get to see your pretty face???!! Geez its been way too long!
Just witnessed get two pies in the face
I bet that if chelsea ricketts wants to steal something she could just close her eyes and run in the darkness and no one will ever find her
gorgeous! Love heather.
your mom does that! Lol
Hey Austin! We love & support you so much!<3
If she moves like Jagger, there's a good chance she's probably having a seizure.
Rest in peace great aunt June, I'll miss you<3
Ex boyfriends are off limits to friends, I mean that's just like the rules of feminism ...
This Celtics-Hawks series has been the most intense so far.
Congrats! And welcome!!
#InMiddleSchool I dated the biggest sleaze that had ever walked thru RMS... I loved every minute of it.
Wow he is missed! RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
i meant to tag you in my last tweet guurlfraan but i spelled it wrong:(
Ready for my show tomorrow @ branded saloon in brooklyn tomorrow. Hope y'all ready too.
when you start a full blown cupcake fight at a confirmation party bahaha
don't i get excused from hw since it's my birthday? ;p ahahahah
thank you, lovebug! It's a whole new world hahah
Working in basement office all day, catching up on Big Love. Sore shoulders & swollen glands tip me off a fibro flare's on the way. Dang.
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday! What a great day of Sunday Football! & both win - everyone is happy!
Sound familiar? RT "... throwing the ball and we had a good visit. This is another important step in the process."
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them. -Albert Einstein
The earthquake machine didn't work either. Still a pretty cool guy, based only on the stuff he actually did.
Time to make this food for this BBQ tomorrow.
you could charge a good price for that service!
When G gets home I'm being in a picture for her work friend, other than that nothing! Lets go somewhere
Using Harold and Kumar go to White Castle as an example in Lib class today.....for research, I promise.
#Bills had impressive third down stop. Nullified by stupid penalty. :-/
I absolutely agree that #ROWE is better than straight unlimited vacation. NO doubt about it!
I'm lucky to get 24 consecutive hours.
Guests can purchase raffle tickets as a donation & prizes are amaze
The headaches I've been getting <<
if Ty plays, we win that game easy. Don't be surprised when the go into LA and beat them by 20 on Thursday
Pigeon poop be gone, so it was said, so it was done and customers enjoyed eating at the outdoor tables again as the restaurant flourished
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
San Diego is the place to be! Glad you're back, neighbor! Feel better too!
Enter TWEET20 to get 20% off anything at www.greatlakesclothingcompany.com spread the CLE pride!
Chris, You got me and all my dogs and Dawgs in Chicago pullin for, Bro...
of course
Awesome view!
It would be a beautiful day if it wasnt so windy
definitely. Loved seeing the pissed Yankee fans after that Texeira K.
:-) ....busy with business...as always!
“ Retweet if you've ever dropped your phone and tried to catch it with your foot and ended up just kicking it across the room.”
Just finished a radio interview with WCLO about the upcoming release of my story on Occupy in WI for Look for the story on Sun
Common sense isn't all that common.
I love it when you fight. Fight Night in Vegas is off the chain.
The Lord is way to good for me to walk away now. my blessing is in my praise.
#ThingsIwantTheMost Universal Healthcare for all Americans who want it. This should be a basic human right, and not a privilege.
It's great that Monday is finally over. Unfortunately tomorrow will only be Tuesday...
TMRW NITE is DJs in the PJs PAJAMA PARTY!!! will be awarding #prizes in our #SEXIEST PJs contest - Doors at 9
Day 3 of is over & we all thank everyone who came through today!
1940 Census launch at Ancestry - record traffic and press coverage
just finished doing cam shows 2day, still need $$$ or no school in sept! cu 2morrow peeps. ps. if u have a harley i LUV u lol
Wrote my epitaph... 2589938378UTC: Alex has stopped in method Live(), due to fatal exception See autopsy.log for debug information.
The sound of a jet engine spinning up is like a lullaby at this point, knocks me right out.
it's easy to feel like we deserve what we have or what we do..truth is, life is not even close to in our control and all it takes is one
#MUSIC just wanna have some fun :D
A Walk to Remember my favorite movie is on! Why can't love like this exist in real life??... :sigh:
<------can't close my mouth from shock on that one!! lol
can not wait for never say never directors fan cut even though i already saw it in theaters im still buying it! <3
People who make bad decisions , are more fun to hang out with ...
just make sure all pics come "accidentally" to me lol
GREAT essay Jim.
Fire official confirms: Woodburn High School will be closed all next week due to fire damage.
I meant dorky!!!
I have to give cudos to Larry Wirtz.. Not taking anything away from u.. He knows who to hire:)
Same game ad in mw2, same guns just new maps
I just left 80 degree weather for this?!?! Oh how I miss New Orleans already.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Ugh. Practice in a little bit. /: <U+E410><U+E113><U+E113>
Lighting controls can make an unoccupied home look occupied and can light a path for entry into the home
don't be. If they let girls play for the Knicks u would bring them a ring home. SHEEEENNNNNNNAAAA for 33333333!! Swish.
That annoying moment when you're talking then interrupted & can't remember what you were talking about.
Lol at Madonna. She thinks she's 16 that she could do all of that and make it look good. Madonna is 53.
no rush!
GET OVER IT!!
I just wanna have fun..
Chilling tired of crazy ppl , ready to move
I'm so glad that Cody could take some time to himself to go back home to Australia. He does so much for us. ~Courtney
is the shit!! Worth following
Darn you Angry birds -___-"
it said the video could not be loaded
who rangers win!!!!!!
I honestly can't read Bill. It's impossible to tell if he's just messing with me or not.
Wolves was taken almost directly from a Ronald Reagan ad. No creativity whatsoever.
I'm all up in the Lights, Camera, Social Action panel, hoping this doesn't turn me off progressive message films.
My second family <3
We all make mistakes. Some of us have just learned to apologize, grow from them, and move on. Don't let an error paralyze you...
Apparently my fake Scottish accent is too atrocious for both my coworkers and Siri. I consider that a win.
A half hour in the waiting room of a neonatal intensive care unit gives you some perspective, that's for sure.
Whatever you guys so are the Titans every Playoff Season...Pens will be back.but the Titans will still golf
With those teams and pseudo-star players, it's easier to chuckle about lightheartedly. Talent level leaves us wanting here.
No prob! Do you know when we get the shirts?
Today we get a lesson in NE winds! Went from 69 to 56 from 4 to 5am in #mke!
Oh I get twitter now. I'm just supposed to tweet what's on my mind: Boobs.
Shoutout to two wonderful followers and -- go follow them!
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
special shout-out to for being wife material.
Down To Film?
Come see the last show for Diary Of A Catholic School Dropout 6PM @ The Whitmore Lindley Theatre in Noho!
Apparently this is true: Triple A Reading > New York Mets
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)
Haha - so true.
Bringing them soon to your neck of the wooDDs. RT : blueberry, or chocolate.
Put it this way, Warren Sapp, T.O., etc there's a common link!!
i know cute ass better call me ASAP!
WEA DF U WAS AT YESTERDAY?
For once I can't wait til this weekend is over and Tuesday to get here
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
Do I even follow any female Devils fans? Like, that have the Devils as their primary team?
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Mitt led Bain Capital in the acquisition of a whorehouse chain that created 742,000 bl-- jobs.
no u didn
We wish all the parents & children good luck today for the first day of school.
- See you there (I'm so excited, can barely sleep)!
Craig be on some circus/ space pimp gear LOL
Should I stay or should i go
In music, everyone is a critic and expert. Opinions are stated as facts. It's just human nature. Get over it and keep smashing forward.
Hey allergies, fuck you. That is all. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
if u go to YouTube and search timbers Tetris there are a few vids!
The weather's getting better by the hour, I hope it rains there all the time.
Pondering photo booth props for TC Disrupt NYC...any ideas? The more creative, the better.
Isn't our family famous for knitting? I have three scarves that are half done in the closet. They have been half done for 7 years.
*16 and pregnant
SPIT YOU OUT!
hey good luck!! I remember my first quilt.. and it is still my favorite...
Hey #Flyers fans we don't celebrate regular season wins, we celebrate playoff wins AND Stanley Cups.
every art project I do I always use ur name in it ha :] #just.Thought.You.Shuld.Know !!
Open Jam tonight starting @ 10pm...great drink specials all night!!! Call ahead to get on the JAM LIST.
Aw Thanks Lady!!
Check out the new video teaser for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. www.radiantrecords.com
brand new???
Just kidding,scared of bovine beasts!!! Too big!!!
Good morning! Lucky day.
What's got you up late? Or maybe it's early where you are...
Catching up on the #DowntonPBS finale. Maggie Smith's "Do you promise?" to Carlisle is just perfect.
are there any new dunk sb's coming out this month
tell that to Wade Boggs
Chihuahua hugs. <3
I need somebody I can truly Fuk with
Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt??
Old Transformers>>
Check out D.I.Y. artists at today Note that Big Freedia had to cancel do to emergency surgery :( $10
I'm pretty sure your work is a public place, and I can go there anytime I want.
I've had TERRIBLE experiences with Mavs fans too. I consider it a dead tie for 'Worlds Worst Fans'
The FAA wants to run a pilot program for unmanned civilian drones. Now how's that going to work?
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets! #FollowHer!
Dear door guy that takes his job way too serious, You're a door guy at a crappy bar, not a secret service agent. -everyone
So many new fans of moonshine since we landed in Vegas at #NCBShow! Once you try you never go back! Shine responsibly!
I don't want to judge, but Nick was dominating the Testicle Festival yesterday.
Listening to & xmas albums. So peaceful and beautiful.
"Fear is the greatest salesman." ~ Robert Klein
HI! Twitter! What are you doing? Im just eating some dinner! :)
Where do I take this pain of mine?
I will be tonight for #foodtrucks and #HEAT! You guys should all head out there! 850 NW LeJuene rd
Alright so to tell you the truth, today confused me even more.
RT : RT : Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.-Gordon B. Hinckley
u like going there?
My ears are still ringing.
I'm away on vacation but when I get back to town let's make plans! I would love to see you! :)
I'm digging the color of tie tonight.
Burlington Mall has a chick-fil-a.
Don't 'Turn Up' around me... First chance I get I'ma trip yo ass...
Welcome, proud of you for that first step. Try out lots of meetings, you will find ones that feel right. <3
Morning panelist session is over. Time for lunch, poster session and breakout groups!
Check my French.
i need book recommendations for reading while in Aruba
thanks!! now to fill those empty shelves below...
Nice Work ! RT : And PBWA gives the the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above and beyond.
I didn't even know we got a free meal!!! Ahh! Thank you :)
thats 99 less things I gotta worry about...
Jay-Z had 99 problems, now he has a 100.
Aint nothin more dope than fried chicken and orange juice in tha morn
Happy New Year Jacob!
So how do you guys like our Spring issue?
Canadian Slam Baby!
Realized today that the "send all calls straight to voicemail" button on my work phone had been pressed. :(
Looking forward to a visit from sister in law Linda next week!
on my way to school :3
You coming round my neck of the woods today?
I'm at Buckeye Beer Engine (15315 Madison Ave., at Arthur Ave., Lakewood) [pic]: buckeye red head!
On the whole, 2011 has not been a good year for the global economy.
yes absolutely!
Seeking a Licensed Masters Social Worker #LMSW in Austin. Please inquire at
such that my reputation proceeds me and precludes me of such delights
I should at least tweet u what I would do to u if we were alone... Dont be afraid to take off the panties >:)
follow back?(:
Wow..Dick Clark Died..RIP...
#prayers for my boyfriend's best friend would be appreciated. he got thrown off his bike and hit head in with a jeep.
Losing my mind at this moment.
#2011icf | China's coaching roots: 7th Cent. Zen Buddhism. Experiential wisdom, direct self-realization, questions and metaphor.
I'm still making it, but on my 2 days off....like I said, I suck
"so , why the second order? If refs follow your rules then why would teams feel the need to break the rules?"
#Nf thanks for the Follow!
followed,follow back?<3
You're gonna stand there an tell me you don't have one single whistlin kitty chaser?
I just try to be the best I can be and hope that is the best ever. -Tiger Woods
Houston you have a problem. Brad Mills is an idiot!
And not caring about things that do: ie. monetary policy.
Shrook is bringing me an iPod later >>
Thinking about adding a fish sandwich to the menu... what do u think?
Whoever this on twitter need a job
Apparently, one has to keep their pants on in the jury lounge.
RT : Happy Birthday Minnesota! It was on this date in 1858 when #Minnesota became the 32nd state in the Union.
thanks a lot! If you have a chance show us off to your friends:)
madden? anyone
If u r catching the bus from Republic Square & drop in to Lofty Dog & U can rub it in that I'm working & u r going to ACL. Sniff, sniff...
honestly, banshee is a more popular super hero than superman will EVER be
It's IPA FRIDAY with Specials all day. Do you know were IPA comes from? It's not from a stork, we already googled that..
idk what to think about you...
Easter season is a reminder to die to self and rise in spirit! Fear shrinks and Love expands. May you allow your blessings!
Ahh our mouths are watering! Cheers!
Ladies Day retreat - Slaughters KY Christian Church 10-2 Saturday March 12, 2011. Inspirational speakers and fellowship.
Have to admit I am just now getting around to this season of Jersey Shore, but what's a cooka?
Absolutely right! RT : Home Builders…the most important online real estate to acquire is the front page of Google.
Such a great feeling! Wearing clothes that didn't used to fit!
Some people are like clouds. And when they disappear, it's a brighter day.
I love Sammy Adams<3
: LOVE her show! RT Listen to great commercials
I don't know I'm tired.
RT : Hansen: great leaders need to be productively paranoid.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICKY!!
lol....uh huh
Brotherly love ;)
It's pouring rain this morning and I love it!
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
I'm feelin Famous !
the things that were done tonight...#holyshit 45 minutes to go!
I missed the show I didn't get to see the iconic boyz perform I thought it was coming on at 8:30 I'm so stupid
she never suffers
“: French toast or pizza... Hm”<--- Do they deliver French toast? lol
I had a good person tell me " just wait for the good things to happen." He was right, the lawyer called, on her dime & gave perfect advice.
Dang, I forgot to put my good cologne on for my meeting with my advisor.
ok I am half a wanna be gangsta
Landed yea buddy
Mentor ISO manatee.
I'm getting a pass for halo even if I can't watch.
ooh...joey! :) nats just hit homer, tied 1-1 in 5th. Latos had been lights out until then.
and our hugs! lol
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
So these lil kids think they gonna be krisppy rockkn k swiss and uspa....(LAUGHING)
love that picture.
Can their #1fan get a follow back? <3
Also Thx & We're huge in the moldings world these days, not so easy for modernists!
haha, yes. Tread lightly.
Also, go check out our buddies in The Days The Nights at the Crystal Ballroom tonight. They are awesome guys, and they're new album rules!
Running sounds great! Inspiring! Haven't figured out how to work that in with my 4 littles at home...someday!
just called me "Poochka" >.<
valid points
Multi family yard sale starting tomorrow!! Vickers and academy 7am-1pm. Come check out all the wonderful items on sale!!
Have you checked the Facebook messages?
My pleasure. They're good people over there.
Heard Kokomo on the radio this morning now I really want to go somewhere tropical. Thinking it may be time to get my passport app in
Go Seahawks! Please win!
Damn this shit getz old. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
sore muscles
Declined for an individual health policy due to a preexisting condition? We can educate you on your options. Give us a call at 619.222.0119.
Thanks Jack. I'll make sure to share it with everyone!
So...Buckethead doesn't get inducted with Guns N Roses, but Steven Adler does? They both played on one album...
Mess with me? I'll let karma do its job. Mess with my family? I'll become karma.
"My Old Kentucky Home" at the Kentucky Derby is the greatest moment in all of sports.
Goodmorning I'm Sick And Pissed Off I Don't Want To Go To School Ugh
Well, I thought Ron Artest had come a long way. But I guess not. Oh well. Kinda an ugly scene at Staples Center.
she was replying with that tumblr link...
Anthro Professor: "I used to argue that Anthropology was an art, then I realized I could get a bigger office if I said it was a science."
Hi Duane, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand how much people LOVE your brand. Follow me 2 DM?
my dad bought 6 tickets to see you guys! We only needed 2. Lol. MAY 24th WILL BE AMAZING!!!!! <3
Just got back from dress rehearsal. Can't believe the show opens this Thursday!
awww thanks for following!!! Hope your birthday was a blast
Get the hell out. A detected churro place!? I must go.
Participating in Yom Hazikaron Ceremony in Yerushalayem - very solemn, very meaningful
#immature is a word boring people use to describe fun people
all good choices, and all would be cool, but it gotta be K-Doe.
looking forward to lakewood historical society event celebrating Henry Hilow's home.more info
Find exercise that you love. If you figure out how to have fun, you'll do more of it!
What you need?
Have I mentioned how much I enjoy walking a #puppy around a dew soaked, nearly freezing back yard?
At a panel called "The Achievement Gap: Is There an App for That?" Assuming it's meant to be ironic but who knows.
Supermodel Christie Brinkley made her Broadway debut April 8 as merry murderess Roxie Hart in the long-running revival of Chicago
here we go again... I want to mic a 10"speaker off axis through all your moog pedals and mic the pa through the system
you never herd of a 40 be4 in movies and stuff lmao
worry about these books so you can go to college & wild out
#WhenAustin follows you and your heart starts beating like crazy. RT if he follows you. <3
duh im pickin uk so no
Same here! lol
Will do - thanks!
my wife and I do Insanity! I think you will really like it!
I need to get on that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Who is a better flex start this week....Beanie Wells or Roy Helu??
Hey how are you? :P
Can any of my friends help me out with making copies.... My HP printer can't handle what I need to do...
Do you matter?
That other .56 is a doozy, though. Watch out.
Follow my new page this one got hacked
on the #solarchallenge call. Lots of good info.
FOLLOW MY RETARDED FRIEND WHO NEEDED HELP MAKING A TWITTER (:
Crap! , I heard is trying to own the word "backstage" and take down ! Run for the hills!
"What word do you hate more; nipple or clitoris?" -my dad. #wtf??????
The Bulls don't struggle with Rose, you idiot. Quit saying garbage for ratings, you incompetent NBA observer.
Tuesday at 7am - Paraguay vs. Japan. At 11:30am see Spain and Portugal clash! We will Re-Air the Spain/Portugal Match again at 6:30pm.
Thanks! We're always looking for feedback, so if you have any suggestions let us know.
Lost all my #Hellboy, #BPRD trade papers and Library editions in Irene-fueled sewage backup. Furniture, too, but…COMICS. :(
Microsoft to Botmasters: Abandon Your Inboxes (Brian Krebs/Krebs on Security) #m$watch
Thank you for the mention!!
Wonder wha she doing?
And josh Hamilton hit one also for Texas!
not a problem! Enjoyed the nice weather in #Philly this weekend -- hope you got to do the same in
hey punk wyd
shrimp in the pocket, bonzai!!!
It's freezing in this class>.<
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want but you will never find one without a huge dent in it Nobobdys perfect-especially you
Good morning to everybody tho.
what do ya mean I've been on like erday! & th they were I was laughing so bad they ecused them of kidnapping a girl &
Motherfuckers need to shut up.
sorry! come back! I must have missed the tweet *scrolling*
Posey is intriguing. And NOT just because he's a
By far our best ice game tonight in a 5-3 L. Robbed a few guys. Really happy for/proud of my teammates. Gave it their all.
I know when to talk and when to be quiet.
Thanks for the RT. Following the money is a good way to understand what's driving current policies.
And all that I can give you Is an open door, All in all, it swings too lightly You won't beam through there anymore.
Roadhouse for steak
Dropped off some new Monument Circle tees to today! Men's is asphalt color and women's is a heather purple. Get there!
I wish I were having the kind of week Jason Kipnis is having.
ME AND MY BEST ROLLIN UP SOME OD BLUNTS EVERYDAY
What a day! Headed to to relax!
I won't tell! Enjoy your fish!
Somebody stole the sink from the new daisy's outside bar!
#FamousLies We don't need to market our business! Embroidered polos, shirts, jackets, hats &screenprinting too! - www.shirtguydirect.com
Reverend Raven and the Chain Smokin' Altar Boys play tonight @ 7! Come get down with the Rev!
will texas score again this half?
If we were following you and r no longer @ us we will follow back.
just turned off the sound on the brewers game and turned on party in the USA. 2 immediate hits.. ;)
PLANS FOR FRIDAY???
Heat start with 4 turnovers in the first 5 min and 1 shot for Lebron and 1 shot for Wade.
Not good for Illinois b-ball. Turned down by another mid-major coach. Wonder what would happen if they tapped Simeon coach?
David Lee~ You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
Blacking out is on my agenda tonight
that was hilarious.
“: Kinda sad when icons of ur youth pass on & u ain't even old..... #RIP #MCA #beastieboys” -- tragic indeed RIP :(
I think it goes without saying I'll be dressed appropriately for the occasion of these pancakes; sweatpants, probably shirt.
S/O to my best friends
Poverty in the middle of America is not projects - it's trailers.
and the shirt is off
How I Met Your Mother xD
spiritual homelessness w/ a side of hermit crab
Check out our new iGooPons on August 1, 2011! Sign up NOW and get a free $5.00 gift to use on any first purchase!
Your main bitch is my new hoe.
I'm really excited to see the boyz on ABDC again but I honestly don't think Julian should have danced with them.
it'll only take less than nine , to say you'll be mine, and then be my valentine , <3
your tweets better not be about me.
I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap
BF just commented on how skinny I look. Means a lot coming from someone who sees me every day :-).
Fuck you mean? I'm riding clean.
lol! I bet you got a 5!! And I love talking with your mom! Shes awesome!
We talked about this once: RT Blasphemy. RT Today we change AP style from e-mail to email, no hyphen.
“: Does anyone else feel really weird and awkward when a dog just stares and watches you eat?! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>” no
still don't understand how you break the spacebar
so said package delivered at front door but wasn't. called & verified address & said nothing they can do. neighbor just brought it over
Can't wait to be reunited with my favorite couple in the world, and Greenville, here I come!
Regrettably, I missed SMASH tonight. No worries, I can catch up another day.
Anyone wan't to help us start booking our first show???!!!
he is shockingly bad at this
#Squeeeeeeeee~! I know your watching babe;) Loving every minute of this<3
had a delicious fried green tomato BLT up in Tyrone, GA with Rick last week...awesome sandwich!!!
will start uploading in about 20 minutes. YAY!!!!!!!
I can never sleep anymore.
Oh! Allan Holdsworth!
Hear is another song you don't want to hear in jail: "Pretty Brown Eyes" (by Mint Condition) Lol!
I know some great food places on the eastern side of mass of you find yourselves over there
Just wanted to check in really quick and say......LAKERS SUCK HUGE DONKEY DICK THOSE FUKIN PUSSY BABY BACK BITCH CRYBABIES......<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Listening to Mayday Parade all night <3
Moves 2 make...(bad)news 2 shake...some of these dudes need to stop playing
oh man, now I REALLY want some donuts!
I'm pushing myself to write deeper!
As promised: #deals & #discounts will be offered tomorrow during the day in celebration of our 100th follower.
it def feels less crazy lol, I tried to recreate that as if u were here last night didn't workout haha
I'm. On. Vacation!
at the Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight (1101 St. Gregory St., Cincinnati) 9pm.
A couple people asked me if the Toshiba vuln was sent to the vendor. Not my fault if they don't comply with RFC2142. I tried.
How lucky you are! Have fun and good luck!
hahaha oh I totally remember.
haha The fun we have in 's Class :D
im slim shady yes im the real shady...
The sex tape ya but you dated like four athletes and married one and divorced him two months later
No worries. I'm confident that you won't release any work until it's your best work. It'll be well worth the wait!
Please join me on this journey as we begin an era of Effective Community Leadership. I will propose and support legislations that...
holy crap. I think will only have to worry about sorority girls -- if they could actually find the stage
403 on that image
All your weight, it falls on me. It brings me down
Josh had this epic dream about an asian guy who knows his parents.
Wait so after I paid for my window seat on you are now asking me to switch for an aisle seat. no thank you.
I <U+2665> YMCA Camp Minikani – and your kids will too! Save $200 by mentioning my name when you sign up for the final Camp session, Aug 14-20
Refinancing to a 15 year mortgage with rates in the upper 3's will get you debt free faster and save you $100,000 or more in interest.
#pickmeellen because ill make you clothes
Submissions for the English Honor Society convention ready to send out.
Cool - thanks for sharing! Added to my feedlist.
loved ur "hire me" badge at #140cuse, perhaps try a visual CV on your blog. I can DM mine as an example, LMK
Is there a track meet or softball game on Friday? I really want to come watch ya'll!
I LOVEE HIMM HE INSPIRES ME!
Join us tomorrow for our fundraising event. Paula Deborah, will discuss her role on
Q4 Information-sharing tweets = good. Pay-attention-to-me tweets = annoying.
Hahaha ;D "nudity" best thing ever said ok n
Announcer just called louisville syracuse.. Smh
#mentalist OMG GREAT SHOW SO HAPPY:-)
Had a fun weekend at Instrumental Encore in Conover, NC. Lots of laughs and music and new friends.
sweet! Sounds rad. Wonder if i know them.
Arden Hills was nothing but a pawn to get Minneapolis to come to the table on a stadium deal.
Can I consult with you for a few minutes about recording conf sessions? Please DM me a contact path...
We started working the new songs into our set this past Friday night. It was really cool to start playing the new material live!
thanks Eric! We are definitely considering that! Should be in the next few months...
Props to hotel restaurants!
Wishing our great state of #NM a happy 100th birthday!
big problem..lost your number and never got to text you back today!
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don't think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made.
People who don't know who they are always need validation. Stop waiting for people to define you, "define yourself". TDJ
S/0 to all The beautiful and independent women!
My parents live with me sounds way better than I live with my parents
I like totally love Greyson Chance. :)
it also kicks tarts your labor if you have enough in one sitting. LOL
Thank god it's almost Friday
trying not to cry since my husband is stuck in Spokane
Bby, get out of the ghetto and over to my house so we can watch Toy Story together. I'm all lonely.
EVERYONE PAY ATTENTION!!!!!! follow this awesome DIRECTIONER she's AMAZAYN :D
RT Der Spiegel joins calls for #Greek #exit from #euro. The genie is out of the bottle. #emergencyexit?
All new men's shoe just arrived! We'll have it up really soon :-)
RT : Have Fun tonight but Don't Drive Drunk! Remember Designated Drivers save lives. Here's to a Happy New Year!
Please never-ever show me another picture of Steve McQueen.
Farce of July at Self Help today!! #self help graphics
2012 is truly the end of the world :(
RT:Publishers need 2 digitally disrupt themselves to survive. Half the INMA room wnt survive McQuivey
So glad to be off one more day and its tha weekend !
This is worth creating a bogus email address over for sure. You know, for the experience, and the good pictures. Hah.
Al Horford went HAM tonight for ATL. Man, did they miss him. The C's are in trouble if that ATL big 3 (w/JJ & J. Smooth) gets hot together
I'm going to stick with the Novice since the 1/2 isnt till October just to be safer
Haha!<U+261D>RT : “:How is it possible to lose a remote control for the tv in a or bedroom house”did you check in your ass?
Got done with my English paper , Now Spanish ! /:<
I'm so very worried. Stop making shitty choices.
I will be in NYC this week, anyone I should connect with?
Turned in my YA Novel to Harper. Some magic happened in the writing of this book. Can't wait for it to come out next yr.
RT Evolution is inevitable,resistance is futile. Sustainability might change,but not stop,the process
New season? This early in the day?
Get harden out the game.
Getting sushi for dinner from SushiPDX food cart!! Yum!!
Lindsay Lohan in Playboy BORING. In my opinion she's nothing special. Sofia Vergara would be something to talk about!
I am craving a piece of meat-havent had anything but chocolate + cheese in days!$55 should buy dinner.art for soul, not food
Gassy vamps?.. amusing. ;) Though knowing Don's sense of smell.. I hope you gave him a wide enough berth.. for HIS sake! ;OP
#boomsticks position playing a part with that punt
i cant deny that you're hilarious.. but the man? eh thats debatable. hah
Two things I love: living in walking distrance from south and their Dona sauce.
As contributors to social media, it is our responsibility to protect the reputations of our friends. Be careful what you post.
Sick day in bed is ok when you have to watch! Addicted? Yes. <3
Today I am a sponge
Hearing bout all this dre and snoop secret performances makes me hope they bring pac out!
Playing my last two hour set on the Promenade in 10 minutes in front of the food court. Come eat McDonalds and jam with me!
There isn't enough emphasis on problem solving, critical thinking, and writing. Profs don't assign much writing.
I'm starting a new job next week and could not be more happy about it.
Going to see tomorrow. Fun.
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers.
You complete me. RT : Sext: Eat all of the marshmallows. Burrow inside Blanket Mountain. Fall asleep watching Dr. Who.
Food and drinks!
Another 3 for #Mizzou. This is not looking good for the Jayhawks. If this beomes a 3point contest, Mizzou will win big.
I'm starting not to due to your lip
yep! You have inspired me mrs meadows I wanna be a teacher like you someday. I find you as an inspiration :) #offtopic lol
Also, Jackie, our event manager, , is from Pittsburgh and says hi! He voted for you on AGT :)
Thank so much for this. <3 Let's see what we can find out, shall we?
MONTREAL, QC tonight @ Underworld Live w/ COME OUT!!!
The best thing about using sarcasm on the internet is that even people who are thinking the exact opposite will agree with you.
First team to 70 wins?
Congrats to and on their new marriage. Great things lie ahead for MOMA's Digital Learning initiatives.
Hitting the stage at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is Orange Avenue at !!
sometimes, something isnt meant to be, and you cant keep trying to fix it.
"Hard row to hoe"....how am I suppose to explain that in catch phrase?!
I love that your blog says, like the kingdom in the Lord of the Rings movie!
Thank you man!
Nights at the office
are you waiting this week? it's been too long since i went to a blacker dinner
in NYC until Saturday...Sunday brunch?
ARE YOU?!
More people need to understand eye rolls as constructive criticism.
LOL that was classic!
can i please have a shoutout? lovee you <3
Love you Rodney!
no it was for a bet, and he was talking crap about them.
Wanna get "He's a Nole, He's a Gator" license plates? RT “: Happy Bday to a guy I haven't communicated with for years.”
To accomplish my goals #MyHealth is key!With that said,9 matches since March has my body sore!Nonetheless Ima give it 150% #NeverGiveUp 24/7
yes Peter, we read all about it the morning after. We're not trying to attract 25,000 people like they were and we're prepared!
(thank you No Country For New Nashville! - we agree with your Oh No No prediction!) <3 - their publicists ;)
Is Matt now wearing pants with monkeys on them?
Love ya
Two more hours until "Sweet Home C-U" presented by ! See you all tonight!
yea we were pretty excited as well! Happy holidays!
This whole Delores thing is unsettling.
Need Some Morning IQ Hahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.Gone Adios.M.P.
Well then... Game on! Unless it tastes bad... In that case, take three shots first. After that, everything tastes okay.
": SERIOUSLY!! And it would be our Faith Tab Youth!!!" hahaha what a burn!
“: lol get lost!!” ok gettin lost
The bass on "You can't hurry love" is insane.
Tip #168: The mediocre coach tells. The good coach explains. The superior coach demonstrates. The great coach inspires.
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf...the internet."
Awesome thank you for voting!! you rock!
I'm the Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher of trying to change my wiper blades each year
#Bulls are Gettin it done on defense right now
When Romney gets passionate and urgent, he sounds whiny. Bad programming? Or is he actually human and not a #RomBot?
. Not surprised the Switch Hitters thing has been tried before for bi jocks. :-)
4 more days
Tomorrow is #FF. Everyone should follow !!!
hell u aint got no choice lol
why on earth did i get an email about asain singles...
no its not, I havent seen that ...
Be safe, save the actual crawling for end-of-night ...
I hate huffpo headlines for iPad. Like I just saw "My". Tell me what the article is about, morons. Didn't anybody there finish J-school?
like it..but maybe better to learn mobile code since that's where we're headed fast? at least, that's my plan.
I think I'll try it out. You know I love my
Please 'Pardon Our Dust' as we update our website. Much appreciated for your understanding.
She caint play keyboard for nun she sum shit
Go to www.MeetUp.com today join The Social Media Business Network for free!
Ugh I feel like I'm gonna throw up :/ blah
Off to mix some music at the Red Devil Lounge!
Except to You :)
Hey! We're in the lobby at Tech Ranch.
K, you like great music. I like that. A lot.
what are the must see pieces at SXSW Interactive?
third world countries still get periods...
Mariano Rivera might be the only player in baseball who gets a standing o every time he appears in a game.
Congrats to #CNNDialogues partner on a job well done!! Inspiring message and able to implement ASAP!
follow and please :D x42
Do not think he played point guard in the Hockomock League which started this thread
It was really yummy! I tried the Dr. Greek with no feta or olives and I added chicken. Yummy in my tummy! 370 cals
Getting ready to head swimming I wonder were is?
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
SXers, we r closed 2day, but open at 7 am tmrw/Mon, right on campus, to clean all your rain-soaked clothes w/in 24 hours. Come in!
Top Fam checkin' in... you good?
<----Audio Junkie.
FINALLY...we acknowledge that our brothers and sisters are worse off then any other race or ethnicity.
For our Loyal/New Clients. Receive a Travel size tube of Aveda Hand Relief when you Check in with us at Connection Salon!!!
nice! Looking forward to it
RT Hey there Tweeps! In Las Vegas? Get some Real Shave ice! 7411 w lakemead 6pm-10pm Go GO Go!
NEW PAGES WAT UP EVERYONE IM BACK NEW LOOK NEW ALBUM COMING SOON (SONY RECORDS) PRAYING I GET THERE
hahaha I see me and you are both looking at nicks tweets! Haha
I just got paid today. Im overjoyed lol
Howard, Shumpert, and Rose all got injured while wearing Adidas
One of the more frustrating mornings ever. Woke up 20 mins late, baby wouldn't eat breakfast, missed my bus and stuck in traffic on 2nd bus.
Thanks for mentioning both and my presentations as favorites from #wcmia! Been enjoying looking at everyone's slides
its actually so hot in portland today #summer foooreall now
Congratulations to PPI's Kevin Vandersmissen, 2012 Irish Open CHAMPION !!!
Summer hits of the 90's?
tHAT PUMA JERSEY TURNED INTO DUST.. i CANT FINDIT
Oh dear I got an instagram now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Avatar are looking for a Talent Aquisition Manager for New York - Must have previous Games Industry experience, contact eamonn…
I will
Transition is equally as important as growth. Growth devoid of development wastes time, money and effort. *focused on what matters*
Thanks for following
There is some bull hook'n going on tonite!!! Clown got a bit of a ride.
Just noticing this tweet- way to go!
"Find joy everywhere and leave it behind you when you go." ~Faber (via writtenday)
Ugh . Time for school -______-
I agree, so we should refrain from retweeting that sort of rubbish :o)
Playing in NYC tomorrow (Friday) at Angels&Kings, 7:45pm sharp! 21 and up to enter $5 at the door! 500 East 11th street
I'm with you...
thanks - and looking forward to it!
Randy ass car.
congrats! wish you coulda been a MN Viking but hey - NY ain't bad either! God bless u as you move Tebow mania to the Big Apple!
Good night of Arabian Nights pinball at Shotwell's. didn't save the princess tho.
I'm not with my mom, she's in Brazil! but we had lunch together on Skype! =D #lovetecnology!
lame niggas be quiet you in the presence of a real nigga
All in good time! You'll get it all done, and it will be fabulous.
would love to learn more about the available dev API. , thanks!
thank you. It and mad men are my priority.
#ConfessionNight I flirt alot with females
Why do people spell things wrong ON PURPOSE?
Action: The widow Gaddafi sends me an email to help her transfer funds. My Reaction: Yeah, let me get on that...
grind gone turn into shine be patient
lol same here I feel your pain.TGIF
How did you break into #photography. Tell us your story and we may feature you in the next issue of ArtsNFashion magazine.
Ultimately, cities represent always enfolded layers of past and present networks in continual encounter with each other.
I challenge you! Write a sixty second scene with a beginning, middle and end and a conflict and conflict resolved. I did it. Can you?
Ha, I'm not sure either. Kate! I would love to see you soon.
Please note, there are a few warmers out of stock from the Holiday Collection: 1. Bluster 2. Snowday Plug-In 3. Snowflake Plug-In
Do you subscribe to the ancient alien theories? That's a great show FYI
thx for sharing the post, Rob!
big mama ... hahahaha
RT : An #Aquarius does not like or encourage emotional arguments
why cant i find me a jared?
Back to work tomorrow... have a great week, everyone!!
"Did u just SHIT on me? Seriously?! Really?!...You BIT me!!!"
what u up to tomorrow nite boo
Just booked flights to Tulsa for a spring wedding with Who knew it was so expensive to fly to Tulsa?
#FF Our radio guests this week on :
will you please follow me? You are my inspiration & i love you!(:
I only roll with the chia seed, so good luck! Oh and don't drink and drive!!!
Excited to finally try out tonight w/ and the cool band they had on air this morning! #myyellowrickshaw?
How hard have you pushed yourself recently? If you aren't getting out of the comfort zone & start making mistakes you are not living 110%!
"education hurts" I'm ready to get
Boy digs his mom, is confused
its my birthday !
Thinking about him <3
I've been around staying busy lol ..how about yourself
My New Mixtape Will Drop By The End Of May....Get Ready, Its Gonna Be A Classic!!!! -Breeze DTA-
This chik could not be blowing my mind any more than right now! damn girl!!! You are phenomenal!!
Everest's Mallory: "My darling this is a thrilling business altogether. I can't tell you how it possesses me.... And the beauty of it all!"
can u follow me.
What a great project. Thanks for sharing.
Happy 38th Birthday may your day be filled with joy, happiness and love I love you adam
Nice burn on Bachmann by Santorum: Presidents can't repeal laws.
I need to sleep!
Whoa it hurts too much! So call me out for not having the guts.
can't call me a ref doe
One week people!! One week!! So excited for our wedding day!
dont care for him really
Hey Harry!! :) How are you?
It's time to make the bacon!
I'm so sad that Tim Gunn doesn't tweet.
oh it rightfully deserves to be.
who is Helsip going to guard on KY ? Even in a zone this is a major advantage for UK !
Doors are at 7PM tonight at Warner Theatre.
A free show is about to start at in OKC. Hurry on over if you're down with this mother folker.
I need to bring my math grade up, I'm going to cry if it doesn't go up.
oh most definitly they are going to do anything to make it hard to get high and enjoy it while public
The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder. Alfred Hitchcock
on my way over to save you from your stress! hang tight
Apparently I don't sleep anymore, thanks work.
Bored of Republican primaries already
Continue to follow me
I really really really can't wait for the to open.
“: To the person who decided that the package containing scissors can only be opened with scissors: fuck you.”
#Buying The #Joy #Luck Club & A.I this week, so #excited!
Thanks...looking forward to your tweets.
met some of my closest friends, and wrote, edited & directed two films. 2011 was pretty good to me.
Thank you so much! Baltimore thanks you! “: Just got my mother to vote for you! That is 3 out of 3 from my family!”
u be clubbing here huh?
Happy New Year from The Kisses!
I will be doing a live interview on th. 8:00 pm Tn. time with Mandy Mason on www.honkytonk101radio.com
RT : So, how was dinner?
Time for a third tattoo and cutoff shirts.
Thanks for the RT, Aurelia. It got a little #hairy for the #RedSox last night in the 9th.
Field is looking great! Can't wait to get this game underway Let's go BULLS!
ate mini wheats
I think its hilar...especially since we aren't twitter friends,lol.
Colin Firth coming right up. Worth waiting for.
WHAT?! Seriously? There needs to be some sort of Tudor Panic Button that summons historians when inaccurate info is promulgated
Your best bet is to post to the Strophe.js mailing list. I'll try to help if I can.
follow me back please?
Many thanks to you, really appreciate all of you coming.
hey, I saw u went to the monsterball April 16th, I went that day too, did u fly down to Fl?
#16-Charles Woodson-CB-Green Bay Packers
no its not. Countdown until I see ypu??
RT : So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Happy Birthday to me lol!!!!!! :D gonna be 16 pretty soon
heres to enough shots to keep the place afloat. Lee Bruce thurs and my mini celebration sat night.
Whewww, thank goodness! I burn pretty easily myself. Stood outside yesterday for an hour and my shoulders are pink!
yeah :/ RT : Lol, I guess you meant *you saw a dude with cornrolls" « RT : I just a dude with cornrolls
Barrett just said he won't be beholden to out of state special interests like Walker. Does he not want Union money?
When we watch the ICONic Boyz dance without Vincent... I can't even right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
had not planned on it - I don't recall getting an email. Maybe I missed it! Is it a good one?
Just one month till much anticipated mixtape #HatersMotivation is released .
thanks Nana.. Love you too!!
Ello Twitterverse, I'm teaching a class at next week & need some kid-friendly Legomation videos for examples. Have any gems?
My classes are full of idiots. I need to take honors.
Watch Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn answer viewer questions on Real Milwaukee today at 9am!
Presenter finds kids like to record their own commentary//Why not pursue that? Let kids experiment, be silly & imaginative
Too busy to keep up.
i am corn holiyo i need tp for my bung hole kmsl
Thanks Henry!
Haven't talk to in a while :( sister
Suck it haters! The Hunger Games win again!
no nigga, im peanut butter
Sounds good. Give me a call.
Also, this phone line is needed starting at 5AM tomorrow....11AM kinda isn't going to work out here...
The U.S. loses 1.4 cents for every penny it produces. I'm not very good at math, but I don't think that makes sense...(CENTS! jokes!)...
so cute! Love boxers!
ion think iquite evah loved a girl like ilove this one
Sorry I missed you, hope to see you at a WordCamp soon. :) Hope the Genesis Connect went well.
the perfect tie in. I'm going to have to watch it again.
<3 come to me.
Sounds like she'd be perfect working in RMoney's camp.
Up top for winning and for putting Aubrey in place. Hello.
Number 1 song in the Burgh Wiz and Snoop-Young, Wild n Free
Salute to - They Got That CONTENT!
Got me thinking about the "graze nuts" portion of Eddie Murphy "Raw"
Im gonna wait for my time for austin to see the past tweets i have sent to him and follow me. I hope i will happen someday<3
your real fb
Lol!!! Have you heard EunHyuk voted our Siwon as the least attractive member!? *scoffs*
So excited for #Revenge tonight! such a good show!
the hell with em!!
As you go throughout your day today, decide what you stand for and let your personality represent it.
I can't feel my face! Lol just got done at the dentist. Don't you hate that feeling?
a very productive week ahead!
Can any of you other business owners or marketing folks recommend an online media kit template?
Slacker Radio is blowing up my shit.
I miss you dolls the moment we part from just hanging out.
#PLANKING PLANKING IS HOW THEY STACK AFRICAN BODIES DURING THE MIDDLE PASSAGE.
As I should know by now, I go to the faculty board with the reports I have, not the reports I might want or wish to have at a later time.
RT : We've got 2 pairs of tickets to give away for 's #fieldrecordings on 20 Mar, a kind of musical ghost...
hey man thanks for following! :)
Thanks and you too!
I need a dog. AKA I'm pretty sure my place was cased earlier tonight and now I won't sleep.
Hey what's up man? Saw you were a big sports fan. Who are your favorite sports teams? Hit me back!
Bigger is better in Texas!
Was gonna wash my car....thank you rain for encouraging my laziness (y)
should have been there, too. Or both our gigs should have been the same bill.
any word?
Even wen iam wrng i always get my point across.
Great. In the office at 6:45, quiet day to get stuff done, and phones and network are down.
Just uploaded 2 songs off my demo onto myspace. Visit www.myspace.com/annavivette
oh ok. Jess told me she saw you lol
oh no. my big ex broke up with their girlfriend....uh oh.
Best way to encourage everyone at your wedding reception to cut loose? Three-camera video shoot of everything happening on the dance floor.
#TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day i walk straight
It was a SHITSHOW. Retribution for injuring husband's groin with my lack of pants?
Aww! Such a stylin' girl :) Honestly though, green is big for spring '12.
is awesome.... Now time for the weekend.
keeps playing yes by lmfao and the song is now getting on my nerves
Fuck yes. Mutual. Now some CBL for you.
oh.... B careful they may b DL especially out atl.....
When was i ever on your top ? Never , & Bc i want you to chase me first , Kk , it's not that easy .
thanks Ashley. Have a good one too :)
Just saw "Time Stands Still" Really, really good. Up until Feb 19! And now to go read the international news...
We're excited about the warm January weather, and completing a rockin' website for !
You went from wanting to get buff to positive influence. It's like you get really deep at night and get lost in thought.
Tebow gets confused. Thinks "Gang Green" entitles him to Kermit's job. Cookie Monster demands trade.
SO much better!! Thanks MB!
And they need to let do what he do. The problem with the L today is that coaches restrict niggaz. you know that dude is nice
I'm pretty sure everyone I know is home tonight. There's a comforting solidarity in being party poopers.
I only have his name and look just like him
If I can't be in a hot tub right now I may as well be designing one... along with a custom kitchen for my newest roof garden design :)
To all the Twitter moms out there....Happy Mother's day! Have a fantabulous day.
u kno u #morethanafriend when u kno sum one's greatest secrets. I love u brah
Happy Holidays from The Gathering!
yeah it's really really good!
#whoeverimarry I will make the happiest man on this earth
Exciting day - demo'ed our new MPP dev solution for #crowdsourcing, group buying, bill-pay, etc. Tweet if you want to meet.
We now have availability for Orthopedic Convention in San Diego this February
About to serve up a disco fix on !
nigga how do you know Nicole I'm best friends with her brother
And here I am Tumbling pictures of kittens, food and One Direction.
We use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
On : Feingold on Falk: "She's disciplined. She seems very effective in her campaigning approach. She'd be a great Governor."
Welcome "Kiddy Academy" to Sprinkles Magazine!
I could care less about painter, but addai? This is awful :( our team will never be the same
please follow me, matt? :) i have a question!
damn alright -_-
You were clear....
Let's go Spurs we need that 2-0 lead
just got word from t.j.... He told me he would have gladly sold Monticello for a spot in the palace.
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
The gym has been packed a lot the last couple of weeks. Everybody getting ready for summer lol
and that they are!
take a stand records
can't wait to see ya'll 2night;)
how could i erase that from my memory!? not even if i tried -yuck!
growing out my nails isnt easy.
now that's a good game lol
Cheifs are lookin legit... Tell Drew to keep the faith haha
What going on people?? Comment me how are you doing today...
power is out again. grrr mlgw.
Hello twitter :)
on the left, we spend too much time of defense! I also agree with your take on Paul. I like Paul, he is consistant and honest but
sorry I had to ditch you ladies toward the end. Those guys were annoying as shit. lol
Sen Paul Pinsky: We had headlines for air pollution. It's now time for Maryland to be in the forefront with offshore wind. Go wind power!
Can't ever remember a worse Monday night game than last night's!
Congratulations to the #Cinequest folks for another great festival.
Chris Paul knocks down his first FG. It only takes one shot to get you going.
Back to discipline! Move more, eat less.
Just listening to Bieber's new jam Boyfriend....woot woot.
where you hanging out at tonight bro? Huge UK fan! Would love to get my son an autograph.
MT : Just saw the space shuttle Discovery fly by! I love #DC!!
Put ur thumb in ur butt now.....and stop texting .....ur weird i dont even know u....
Spoiled rotten with a/c all summer. Visiting family without. Makes even grading a sweaty mess...
Honestly. I'm glad the Rock won.
Wish me luck. This coming week is going to be a real challenge
Did I really fuck up by not getting the foams? Def had a chance to cop for retail.. Passed.. Should u shoot myself ?
you should check out ? At the very least watch their “commercial”, made by the indomitable, though lonely, Sandwich.
Never criticize each other in front of your kids. Kiss and hug instead. They might say its disgusting. Ignore it.
Glad they slowed down for a minute! : If the presses ever stop running we'll see you there!
Shoutout To My Wonderful New Followers -
Omg ! In summer I will got the new ipad 3 !! Yaaay :D
eat a spoonful of penutbutterr!
i can't wait.
I wanna watch #workaholics :(
I am trying to order a new i phone via ur "AT&T Upgrader" I am getting an error where it is repeatedly asking me for my #
Ellerman on News Corp: Govt would have to argue that reporters acted to 'obtain business' when they bribed police officers for info.
Fuccckkkk your opinion
ha! My guess; everyone gets it but T Dog - and he gets a spin off next year - a zombie variety show with musical numbers :)
Happy Birthday Sis I Miss You !!!!
We are seeing a growing call for indigenous participation in oil producing countries -Boyo
I'm down!!!! Start tonight?
mailing his things back to him like tomorrow, this is going to be hard for me </3
Struggling to tie a ribbon on the one gift I have to wrap myself (my wife's). "This should be simple," I think. "Pretend you're tying a...
RT RT : house music all the way
happy birthday
what is your work?
Dont be such a boob punch. lol
Hahahaha your not the only one!
THANKS! looking forward to the link!
Eye doctors sure know how to fuck u over...
yes. Let's discuss tomorrow. There is one more episode...I saw the previews for next week!
If you don't fail 90% of the time, you're not aiming high enough. -Alan Kay
GREAT. next report: only 1 of those jobless new graduates found to be short and enjoy vegetables
im right outside!!!!:D
trees in the dark. They were like relatives he had known in another lifetime. They were indifferent and intimate.
im great how are you??
So excited for tomorrow at The Loft w/ , , , & ! So stoked!
#loanmod #corona who nee a free loan mod no joke, you pay nothing it's a state program
They say when you out of school for a while u start to miss it eventually. Nah, not in my case.
whatcha got planned for us next saturday DJ ? Busy planning some cool hot FX 4 PPL 2 DANCE 2
If I have a booger in my nose. Please tell me instead of just looking at it. Lol
stop pointing your ass at my eyeballs
I send ONE line of my novel to and he tells me I'm writing the Russian 50 Shades of Grey.
I doubt it will damage you.... :-)
Thanks, yeah cool medal! I lifted weights last night, wth some cardio, trying to be patient. :/
Jennifer Love Hewitt Flirts With Newly Single Adam Levine!
Want to start Saturday night early? Beaucoup Bar and Grill has great specials until 8 including $3 margs and $2 mimosas!
to clairfy: it = the city of austin
Good job Tennessee! Great game to watch! We'll gettem next time!
so cool you're there. Keep the tweets coming.
Your Welcomed! Find out more details about my campaign @ www.votehenrybrim.com Thx!
cc RT : SIX PENCE NONE THE RICHER IS BACK TOGETHER?! The dream of the '90s is fucking ALIVE and well!
My bud and I were just hanging with at the we got to chill in the Lincoln Room it was cool
"I'm sorry but that's what sluts do" lol
because you got me one!
New song up on our facebook! Check it out and tell us what you think!! <3 DC
Anything that's worth having, is worth fighting for
WOOT!! ~RT : Up on the roof of KING 5! Enjoy the sun today. says the timing for the weekend looks great AGAIN!
Aw, my 9 year old brother is obsessed with Nicki Minaj :')
NOTHING is worth this losing what has been built here.
I think I'm more drunk then the 21 year old already. "everytime it's someone's 21st birthday I act like its my 21st birthday!@
Playing with the full band tomorrow afternoon at the Buchanan Dam Beach Club from 5-9pm. Come have some fun with us!
Amercian Idol, Reed from Wisconsin!! Very Innovative and stepping out the comfort zone..... A jazz version of Moves Like Jagger!!
Another win in the bag.. EASY...
I love Friday's I don't love bitches
#THANKS for following
working on it :)
fml :c thanks
How you a laker fan but never been to LA? Chill out..
Thanks for the RTs - warmed my heart!
its insane
Vince Gray: "This mayor continues to wage a war on transparency"
They are lucky to have you.
You send me twitter spam al the time (; haha
in session until 2 pm. Cld meet up at 2.
These niggas hustlin ain't gettin no money lol..I bet 87% of em stay wit they Moma or wit a bitch in low income...get a loft or condo
lamest #yolk tweet ever. Mise well say. Watching paint dry!
Not true - Indiana shot the 3rd most free throws in the NBA this year. “: He also coaches a jump shooting team”
I'd down to hang out sometime! I wanna host a little backyard fire in my little corner of the wedge sometime soon.
eww i hate that song he sounds so stupid and he sounds like hes trying to be justin timberlake
Lisa, I hope we get to meet in person during conf
By "here" you mean "my pants?"
cool, what is it, if i may ask? (:
I'm sorry but we can't be friends anymore...
Excited to see this
Volume up & you're at the third ring of Saturn in no time. :)
I got so many words in my head. Imma kick words till words are dead.
:-( I'm in Texas. Did u take Maci? I wanted 2 B there 4 ur keynote. : Looking for you! Are you here?
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU WERE MAKING THEM OMG OMG SO CUTE
MT : Congrats and for leading two amazing studies. Papers accepted to Interaction Design for Children 2012
Hacked by Joshua
Ugh Just Tired Of Everything & Everyone !
What's your case of choice?
so is beer curing the sick yet?
in less than 24 hours I will be on a flight watching bravo.
thank you!
last night was so fucking epic.
ok, goodnight BRO ;)
you are beautiful, don't change too much
that gym you work at is amazing nothing like that ive seen before.
how bout NUTS!
Not Afraid to Fail....Believing You Can Succeed!
oh, and thankyou for tweeting Austin my photo :') <U+2665>
Head to the farm!
Great Way To End School!!!
you're welcome. Yours too. Will do.
whats going on!
No one has ever debated that
pulled pork sandwiches today!
2mi @ 8:27/mi. Not too bad considering my two-month layoff.
She just told me I ain't shit... Guess I'm proving it right now
followed. follow back?
PREPARED. ASKED FOR MY FILE BEFORE THE MEETING! SHE PLANNED ON SLOWLY INFORMING HERSELF ON MY DOLLAR IN FRONT OF ME.
Redwood Trust, the only firm to publicly issue jumbo MBS the past two years, earned just $1 million in the third quarter
*I get drunk. I leave
I love it
Each day is a gift, not a given right.
Got sucked into seeing scream 4.. w and Mel.
Will catch Lucinda Williams at House of Blues on 3/9. She played the Orpheum a few years back and was absolutely kickin'!
Personalized Diaper Bags: Bibbity Rinse &amp; Roll Bib 2-Pack - Green ...
Typical! I get another chance to hang out with that sexy guy and my truck is getting fixed! WTF! This guy is hot as hell. My luck sux!
#IfYouCheatOnMe we cant be friend
Don't underestimate how liberating a full day of work can be.
Amy Smart Teams Up With PetArmor® and the ASPCA to Launch PetArmor® Protection Promise
Today is being a slow eh day
Joined a new gym! Am lovin it, so gotta run to a spin class right now. Talk later. <U+30FE>(<U+25CF><U+2312><U+2207><U+2312><U+25CF>)<U+FF89>
Skylar was my youngest daughter's fave and Colton my oldest. Jessica IS good.
awww I miss u from Facebook daddie!
- It's a "thinning area" to be exact. And I'm gonna go cry now. First time in 30 years.
I definitely will!
Casteio in extra time at the end of first half puts Dallas up one nothing
Forecast calls for sunny and 80 this weekend! Perfect for shopping the Third Ward. Pop in to Metro Eye while your out and about!
actually the guests are Brazilian Singer Anne Simoni &recent UT grad Kesley Hoar - for Jeff Lofton's Jobim Tribute Cactus Cafe.
#ICantStandPeople who treat you like sh!t no matter how many times u let it go and are nice anyway..its like..what the f*ck more do u want?
how about we just stop the whole "YOLO" thing. mmk.
The refusal to admit change in our lives is a major obstacle to transformation. We cling tenaciously to our habitual ways of doing things.
I think I have an unhealthy crush on Captain America
just to add my thought, it's one of my favorite songs because simply of the message
I'm still cold !
Shout out to the homie and playing against each other 2nite
thanks for joining #THATCamp Bay Area as a supporting sponsor!
Raw Business Presents : Hollywood HipHop Night Hosted by Performances by and more 4TIX (608) 819-8010
Just died laughing!
Taking it back, moving forward- placing cue stickers on my vinyl records for live looping. New setup w/ AudioMulch
Today's BTU inspiration: "No snowflake falls in an inappropriate place." ~Zen Proverb
Love summer. Love it.
So cute. Did someone just abandon them?
Room service now available at the RI/SHS River North! Check out Zoom Service from !! www.hub51chicago.com/
I'm what Willis was talking about.
That thing where I don't actually sleep through the night for a few weeks...
Twist and Shout, Get Outta My Way (Kylie Minogue), Bye Bye Bye
very excited for you two to meet--i think you guys will get along quite well!
America, Obama's mission is to break the will of the American people. We need to stop him. Americans are losing everything, it's stops now
lol, i see you have a cast on your finger. i could tell you have a sub. Lol:p
#mybiggestflaw-I wear my heart on my sleeve. I get hurt easily.
Hehehe... Freshman formal's comin' up... ASKIN' HIM TO THAT OKAY.
Turn that speakerphone down, I can't hear myself drink.
congrats on finally making the tourney again. real cute program you have going there.
Adele wins it all tonight just like Amy Winehouse, Macy Gray, and Lauryn Hill. Here's to a better follow up this time.
Focus: mission, vision, determination and implementation...
hey gorgeous how you been?
HEY I WANT 2 SAY THIS 2 MY BIG SISTER HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE U BE SAFE N GOD BLESS #LETSGET IT IN
Are you going to be upset when austin leaves ??
I do too. I hate closing cause it feels like my whole day is dedicated to work. I wake up, go to work, come home, sleep...
I think it's acceptable in such instances, to close the laptop and knock the dude unconcious.
yeah he's chill. Lol its nasty!
thx for tweet love. Whatcha having for brunch ?
And listen to #MakeMeSayOH and
Today BRUNCH! Remember, next SUNDAY is Mother's Day! Don't let her cook - bring her to BRUNCH!!
are going to keep you up-to-date on the Rangers Spring Training. what game are you most excited about this season?
GOOD MORNING LOVE! :)
Andra, thanks for your support and retweets.
Very good to know. See you soon!
If all you want is forgiveness, ask God. If you want healing, confess your sin to a trusted person. James 5:16
3 days = countdown to the arrival of my new camera. Ever been without the resources to pursue your passion? It challenges your
It's cold...I don't like it...and this is nothing compared to what I grew up with in MN
I hate waiting for a urinal to open up. Guys standing next to each other smh
Nice seeing you at the conference last week. Random question: when do you use broad match modifier for keywords?
negativo...wasn't included on that memo. Text me new one
New project: get to 1,000 followers before
Today's BTU inspiration: "When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears." ~Tony Robbins
I'm dying.xD
I don't want to disappoint you :(
Totally serious. It's what I would get if I were buying a new one...but then I have 1/8th of an acre.
Camp Randal can hold more than
#idontunderstand Why is it 50 degrees!!!!
Hard to argue against that. A bus like that speaks volumes without words.
Watching my favorite movie "Juice"
"I'm proud to tell you that there are many other talented students who are waiting to shine." Shyam Nooredeen at the # PENCILGala.
Man, I still can't believe they over-estimated damage to the capital. All that money wasted...what a scandal.
#mybiggestprblem trying to get her back
Should not be this tired
Found a small little puppy by my house. It doesn't have a collar so I'm gonna wash him then keep him =) YAY, a new puppy!!
i was too 80's when i first starting playing so i tend to go with those over sweeps to make em sound a little more modern.
I'm here -- watching Vick give the Eagles a chance here. GB's Clay Mathews almost knocked both QBs out. Punk.
Real louis don't need no blue tick by his side, that's how I'm rollin , never had one when my momma spat me into this cruel world bitches.
Home again.
It's about time I invest in some snow shoes for hangover Fridays. This just isn't working.
We added chat to our website. Hit us up with any questions/comments!
#ThingsLongerthanKimsMarriage : The amount of time to finish only 10 refinishing jobs.
you dirty, dirty thief.
I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma, and more tonight! Be sure to come hang out at The American Legion in Rochester. Only $10!
David your right, apparently my acct was hacked! sorry for the previous message
was that Roaring rapids at Six Flags? :)
because. And im not judging your every move. He's no very nice
Congratulations!!!! Proud of you!!! (:
Can u plz follow me, I'm friends with Kevin
I need a ride to school. Someone pick me up. I want food. -- basically Chaz's tweets
my collection is pretty big also I've be collecting sense 93 I've got a ton of things I bet you don't have don bee bee card
Erin, Thank you for the retweet! - Mark
Duly noted. Thanks.
Peabody friends--what professors or classes are using Twitter? I just heard of a very clever use of Twitter for #teachereducation. /db
Did we mention you should always turn your cell off before walking into an interview?
:) sorry! RT : has a German program now?! Waaahhhh, I'm too late.
Aw, thanks, Andrea! That is so nice to hear.
workin @ UltraBar as always & hanging w/ my boo
Hahahahaa.. good luck. Let them know that I can help.. sort of :)
I just wish it had links to a bunch of the more contemporary terms since they're hard to google.
Case McCoy in with 2nd team offense against first team defense.
#FF #FollowFriday Paul Mooney; American freelance journalist based in Beijing since 1994
I am so good at talking to people and making them calm, like no joke, I am so gonna change the world.
Isn't he perfect so far?
"moreover, not uninteresting, nor nonumental"
: Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.
Yaaaaayyy!! Have a great weekend, bud! :)
Our message is simple......make the best choice you possibly can..... Happy New Year! 2012 is a gift.....BE CHOOSEY!
RT : M.O.M. Comedy Mix release party ! May 31st. W For $5adv tix go to h ...
thank-you punk!!!;)
Mix it up ;-) I just had a killer greek salad w/ chix
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will not be at school I be in California on the last day!!!! :)
Condi would be awesome in every way, but she is too smart to do it. I would pay to see that VP debate though!
. Thanks again for the awesome guest post Jeremy... It was awesome running around the show with you!
I wish I could lose $2 billion and everyone would be surprised that the government is even "focused" on the fact.
RT you can use Windows 7 photo gallery RT : what is a good photoshop program?
How lucky that we two should meet and make each other<U+FFFD>s life complete.
Word of advice: don't pull a muscle in your butt the week before you do an 8-hour hike in Patagonia, Chile
is in the building Club Eve and we're in the back room!!! Ep release party
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
“Man is free at the instant he wants to be.”<U+2015>Voltaire
nice! Enjoy your run :)
yes! Ppl overreacted cause they dont want austin dating. Hes not gonna be single 4 ever. No need to hate
It's amazing how quickly your mood can change, how deep your heart can sink and how much one person can affect you.
We'll take him. RT : Is there a team that'll give Manny a shot? Teams wouldn't touch Bonds after '07 & he could still rake.
Wow, today is my last day in libraries! Good memories of lots of awesome people, now time for new adventures and new awesome people!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you have an excellent weekend!
Truly devastated that I won't be in Lexington when Turtle Man comes to the Delt house to film his new episode
: Want to know what's happening in SW ATL neighborhoods? Follow me on Twitter! Your place for info devoted to SW ATL.
Shout out to all the plumbers going through shit!
In response to my opposition, Household Finance pulled its motion for summary judgment.
I SURE WILL !
What a day for the world!! So many (Facebook) friends' birthdays today. Happy Birthday and Live it up.
Thanks for helping us spread the word! A good carpenter is like a good baker--priceless! haha!!! :)
No, but what if the world ends and I spend all my money on tickets and don't even get to go?!
The Beatles can sooth a healing heart. So can . Thanks for being there for me
followed by 101 on pitch 115. Guy is amazing.
RT Wow getting over you is literally going to be the hardest thing ever ugh. Why can't I stop loving you.
Be good to your children, they pick out your nursing home! ;-)
cam just tweeted me this day keeps getting better
Hi Larry! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
I have some over protected ass brothers and cousins lbfs
what's the deal? U good?
I wonder if these ppl can tell I have a attitude by my face
My Grass Is Alwayz Greener Haha
how do u get a popilar utube???? plz answer
hey! :) k on the 17th is my birthday and from then on i get to go to EVERY concert:))
sittin here wit my GURL DESTINE
Boehner says: "supporting (Oversight Comm) efforts to hold those people in the Department of Justice accountable for what happened."
so... like when she sleeps? cc:
Getting a headache.
and congrats to the top three Bateman competition finalist
"And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper." - Marge Gunderson, Fargo (1996)
Walter Johnson's Soul By Soul is definitely one of my intellectual inspirations. Careful anthropology from a 150 year remove! Amazing.
No games w #payrolltaxcut & WarrenBuffetts secretary shouldnt have to pay more than 2nd richest man in US
WTF are they doing out there???
getting ready for church... another beautiful sunday <U+2665>
RT : On a 1st come, 1st served basis Bronze Badges will also be available starting April 25th at Credential Offices.
It's too early -_-
saw "Funny People" and thought cast cute. Hated sexual and curse words Lets teach kids good stuff. I think I need to do Stand up again.
-.- thank you for that. How was The Avengers ;)
Hey thanks! right back at you :)
don't they pretty heavily imply it's a nuke?
Boys sleepover. It's a straight guy dancer thing.
I think we need to make love idk.
I'm writing a book based on my "PowerPointless" presentation. My mind is percolating about what leads to true connections & then action.
What was the story
called my hubby to ask where he has his calking cause it's all over the floor and cat He says there was no calking in the house when he left
This car ride really makes me wanna fall asleep. Its hella relaxing lol, back on campus in 3 minutes tho.
"Yoga is the cessation of mind." ~ Maharishi Patanjali - Patanjali is the seer who cognized Yoga.
- Hi dear, check your phone.
Nice. Thanks again!
Here are a few clues: Unlike GA, pedestrians have the right of way, blinking red means stop, and lanes on the interstate matter.
Hi Josh! Of course :-) Hope you're doing great!
I've never been on a date.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
good man
included: god is cool with infanticide.
last clue: it's a gamble.
I turn to you Jesus, I turn to you Lord, What else can I do Jesus, I turn to you... Help me turn to you!!
Just a cheater lol
OK, I ran home and got my gear. Please tell me you'll be at the gym today?!
Measuring grit single most biggest perdictor of success
LOL NO ONE CARES
what's your favorite microphone to use?
Don't know about you, but I am cool with brown and forty degrees all winter.
well I mean since Friday but i only had to play like 10 games today to get it :b
beautiful profile photo of your cat :)
ha! Yes. I literally got my license in a week.. Bananas
I have officially befriend a little old asian woman, about 75-80. I started waving 2 when I ran by now when I run past she says GO RUN!! lol
Ah, you totally just made our day! Compliments from users never get old ;)
incoming - I thought did already
Music production from the 80s is way better than what we have now
Seeing tomorrow! HELL YEAH and !
Yes people we have finished our music video be on the look out !:)
Cardio Barre kicked my ass this morning!
#tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them!
did you just leave ?
aww u know your tweet to me made me smile thanks <3 I love u so much and thats all so true <3
thanks. Its the pre-Bouchon lunch in Sonoma while on vacation.
Go get "inspired by the struggle" on itunes today!!
Thank you for showing us the airport.
Just got an iPad...now what apps should I download???
's new mixtape is out go support visit him on youtube & checkout his music he has a new joint titled wake up
I would love it if that were actually negotiable.
The Avengers w/ and :-)
! I can't wait til ur album comes out! (: I knows its going to be sick! :D
Make the intro in 5sec or less: evoce curiosity, share benefits
yo i could use some grand theft auto sann andreas right now with some pizza and a 40
If you can, go to the front room today at 1. Nice jazz is always good on a great day.
minor league games are cancelled. Big league game still on for the time being
“: Now that thats over, I can start thinking about my one true love #motorcycleracing #AMA #motogp” I agree 100%
fuck this dissecting a cat bullshit, got cat juice in my eye..
": Only way I catch blue balls if she had blue lipstick".....get em boy ;-)
I just tweeted in my pants
Fugitive siblings sentenced
If you’re getting married soon, say #IDo to FITzee, too! #Brides will feel fit and fab walking down the aisle w/ us by their side.
Who is Greenberg, and what did he/she/it say?
Text me driving down to the lake
cant wait to see you at
Last day of school.. Its seems so surreal. Is this really bout to happen?
So glad that I only have to learn like one new syllable to remember #KimJongIl's successor's name.
RT This assessment of security among a set of cloud providers will interest folks in #digitalpreservation #dpc ht...
Heading off to Infusion Lounge in SF for tonight's bartending gig. See you there!
new follow...and new member!!!
might go to the y to play ball. gotta keep trying to get to the top of my expectations
Countdown to TCAs- 2 hours and 27 minutes. (: TCAs and other award shows r what i always cant wait for. (:
The Cherokee Challenge: Turn an environmental liability into an asset. Apply at www.cherokeechallenge.com. $20k in seed funding per venture
#WeWontWork if you don't have a sense of humor.
great, you
#gsocial thanks for the shove that I need to get my g+ better established esp pages - been a little lazy.
I didn't I haven't been on here..but this shyt unfollowed EVERYBODY so I'm following everybody back smh
My night consists of Footloose and House Bunny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Santana looks beautiful in her dress <3
For you, I lay them to rest.
4. Shadow banking system, rather than banks themselves, collapse, bringing banks down with them. Chaos ensues.
Thanks doll face!!:) RT : awww I like your new head shot
WHERE THE MILL AT I GOT THAT REAL PACK SIT BACK JUST CHILL WE WHERE THE CHILL AT YOU HOT HEADS CHILL BACK
Thanks so much! I should add that another tool that some institutions for impact research is Scopus. Similar idea to JCR.
Firehook Bakery savors the aroma of success by growing slowly!
Lies. Never such a thing. RT Too much. Too much vagina.
#ProLoveMarchATL is not a protest. Pro-Love March is a rally to promote peace, love, and unity.
By age 12, 1 in 4 girls has experienced street harassment. By age 19, 90% of women have experienced it. Unacceptable!
please follow she is you biggest fan!76
Tomorrow is Christmas eve! I can't wait!
The hell you say! RT : Never thought I would say this, but I am happy it isn't football season. Homework takes up all my time.
haha No doubt about that man. :)
It's Official.. your never going to notice me.. -_-
I`Dont Know How Im Gnna Sleep Tonight "/
NWQ GRIND BOLD is Nicaragua Don Zeledon
“: You have to be kidding me.”deja vu
Just found my old phone and decided to charge it. Then I looked through old messages from someone, and I can't help but smile. Urgggg! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
SAD!!!! Don't talk about my kitteh boyfriend that way :(
is a lovely hostess. She offers her home to you and makes you delicious pancakes
if you find one, let me know if he has a friend :P lol
You keep calling them fake but you keep on being their friend, so what does that make you?
and outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies, you got green on your mind I can see it in your eyes.
Prom showing at guard tonight!
WTF O NOW IM MAD.
Alec Lemon this game has 6 receptions, 124 yards and 1 TD.
Only 1 hour until the West Campus is a buzz with Day of Service activities! Are you excited yet, because I am very excited!
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single; nothing...
I couldn't agree more. I saw a listing of TOC events today for the 1st time. Good ideas but poor communication.
Why Most Website Redesigns Have a Half-Life
The Youth Ministry led us in our Sankofa Moment. They are watching "Roots" as a part of their Black awareness project.
wat it do bro!
Anyone need an opening act in the Bay Area? I'm lookin' to play! :)
booth and all the accoutrements ate awesomely beautiful! Will send more pics tomorrow.
Staycation for Husband, I'm working as needed (closing end of month pprwrk) overall good! LIKE your news!
birds are chirping outside and all i can think of is mocking jay's haha. I can not wait to read it!!
please send them my way too :)
How did this happen?!
Was it just me, our are there ppl tailgating in the observation parking lot at the airport?
i kinda figured. i'll bring a dolly to wheel you outta the place.
its just music that speaks to the soul,man...you gonna make it out to gwar tonight?
Fresh. I love that.
Really? Who came up w this? Becca's right, absurd.
Trying to experience the abundant life
Thank you to all our soldiers and veterans for their sacrifice
what is your favorite fashion accessory?
Music just ain't listening its understanding What your listening to
So you send text messages with your bored? Some people take naps
All things are difficult before they are easy. -Thomas Fuller
it takes less letters to define the word than the word itself. Yup, I think you nailed it hammer.
#GWAS or run out of Jergens
getting really bored about now.
"Aw you know it's gonna be good!"
Swag is for boys...gentleman have class
Why not? They are winning Pulizers these days.
I am fairly certain that Kesha's entire persona is based off of the 2007 Britney Spears.
No matter fuckin what
I hate when you're trying to be strong & not to cry infront of someone & then once they ask "whats wrong" you burst out into tears .
Congratulations Jayson Nix
This liquor got me creak sleepy tho I'm about to ko lol
'Never sin against your talent' -Tony Bennett
Just learned a new term at #AMASummit - "organizational Alzheimer's" about managing documents for
I DESPERATELY NEED HELP WITH LEMON TREE, IF ANYONE COULD IT WOULD BE MUCH APRECIATED.
I need a hobby
That you for the tweet Ryan, we really appreciate it. Hope all is well in San Antonio, I love the riverwalk there!
so, i wasn't sure whether or not to share this, but i did get an email this morning from that guy from last night...
well u aint gotta add me....ill add you
Maybe you are angry. Only because the way out is through love. And you are just horny and lonely. - hbd - white mike
I would tweet something right now, but someone would get mad at me. So no.
I felt like I was in jail today.
LT. I mean you don't have to talk about me on fb, that's shallow, & if you think he's improved the economy then why are we even more in debt
Good morning peoples!
I wonder how it feels to be that pretty skinny popular girl that you love :( </3
i don't think this day could get any worse.
I'm on the edge with you
Lets do something about your Dry Scalp 2467 Wesley Chapel "A Cut Above" 404.454.1494 rita for your next appt.
has been twitter dead for 60 days...this breaks my heart....:
Relationships are not about "I want this" or "I want that". Its about two people caring for the other's desires.
in honor of Dali's birthday I'm melting my watch & covering it with ants.
Lifes crazy but Fuck it we all go through it
good one bobby
Don't ask me why, how or how many times a week, just understand that fitness recognize fitness and warriors will always go the extra mile
a dude texting another dude happy bday at 12:00 on the dot .....
I LOVE THIS IDEA.
DJ Toni K had the crowd grooving at Fendi's #FNO party!
that is amazing idk :)))))) he's so perf
How cool! Sounds like a memorable vacation. Merci for sharing your image!
The sunshine sure feels good! Take time to enjoy it today!
I never knew about ChinaTown until October when my friend took me there ... I am slow
i hate when a guy calls u ugly
Warm up with our Manager's Saturday Special at Thrift Shop: all fur coats reduced 30%!
dolce and gabbana light blue for men
my next move will be my best move..
Need some plans for Super Bowl. Anyone want to hang out?
Sorry! My facebook is for friends & fam. I could only request you if I have proof that your real. Yup, I'd need a proofpic!
lol no he has to get with James :D
I love you Tina fey I miss u and Amy on SNL.
me too @ HeathSlaterOMRB you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice your smille and being next to you
Parting it up with the Puerto Rico connection @ Spy Bar. Register @ www.onqnites.com to win 7 Day-6 Night stay in Puerto Rico.
Despite the last 3 early exits, you still have to believe that this team is your best opportunity to win a Cup. I mean, honestly.
"we goin to the ship!"
Actually got my homework done this weekend! Maybe i'm growing up ;3
“Terry Francona talking about pitchers who get the yips on their throws to first base. Lester, Roger Clemens, many others, as well
hate speech? You're kidding right? Were you saying the same about Sharpton? Farrakhan? Jackson? 5-6 wks ago re: Trayvon?
text me
Cool film audition this afternoon.
I saw when you were working on that. It turned out lovely!
you like how they slide down ur throat?
follow <U+23E9><U+23E9> big things POPIN his way!
No matter what anyone says, One Direction's songs are catchy...
asked where i got my hair cut, then tells me he got his cut on top of his head.
we could start a carrot loving revolutioon <3
Bowling! The Guttermilk Biscuits should never have been that town's best student rollers.
Just traveled all the way to chino hills with just so she could buy 50 dollar makeup -_- this girl ahah
I used the Peppermint tea tree conditioner this morning, it was a wake up call for my scalp! Thanks
who's going to see on April 6th in NYC? support one of our featured bands while they help to raise money for a good cause!
That whole band sounded like Return to Forever.. and Chick Corea Electric Band..in one! CRAZYNESS!!!
Miss u too been way too long
I want fruit right now .
Shout out to
what it do chevy girl?
Listening to six brand-new, freshly-mastered LHW songs.
Four out of 5 18-24 year old Americans and over 40% of those 45 or older have visited a social media site this past week. You did too :)
It's been a good week so far working out a lot as far as diet goes let's just say I got to eat !
Like half of Tony's villains, he's supposed to be Evil Tony, but this guy? He's The Dude. Until he gets his own suit
hey just saw your tweet. Hit me with a DM & I will get you info...
thanks for the share. Today's is a bit of a companion piece to that one and I blame for both. :)
thoughts on James Toney?
"Bless That Which You Want!!"-Huna Philosophy
friends, is amazing...
I'm waiting for the question mark... The one that comes at the end of your useless rambling.
WHY WOULD YOU WANT A MEAN ONE STUPID!
“This is our time to get back into Avenged Sevenfold, and I’m sure by next summer it’ll all be going again,” he explains.
This game is a simultaneous mixture of insanity and stupidity
Ok then, I won't open the door. :P
TANGER AT #WESTGATE DEAL CLOSES. GROUP OF LENDERS INCLUDING ISTAR CONVEYS 36AC IN RELATED SALE.
OMG!! LMFAO! YES!! MARRY ME WILL!
If you love to perform then you should go for it. Do what you love. But if u want to go to school, then do that too, but its hard
thanks for the follow - look forward to your tweets
Choose life no matter what your age, choose choice no matter what your position in life, choose happiness no matter where it may take you.
Lets go BULLS!!!!!
Wow watching the Giants game VS The A's.. Let's get it SF GIANTS
Thanks love! RT @ PetChamber & : Lovely weekend!! woof...
is researching.
wow jaden looks so much older!
It gives me pleasure to ignore ppl I don't like when I see them out in public. This happened to me twice today. It's been a pretty good day.
his sound is "marketable", i.e.- for the reason(s) you mentioned in the article. i think that's it in a nutshell.
its official for the 19th so get ur crew together and let us know! Open bar from 10-12a and discounts on bottles.
he is fine as hell and smart!!!!!
AVENGERS’ $185+M record! $68+M Saturday & $80.5M Friday For Biggest Domestic Weekend And $575+M Worldwide
I love lazy Sunday's. Enjoying well deserved time spending it with my husband before our crazy work schedules start again. <U+2764>
LOL BOSS RIDE
'Hygiene hypothesis' gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence - Delmarva Daily Times
More than meets the eye.
Hey, all - send me your vegan/vegetarian-friendly recommendations for Philadelphia! Going there in July, and I need to eat!
awsome sounds like fun!! Lol :D
Wednesday Trivia Night Bonus Phrase: 49ers Good luck everyone!
a watch
Hey! Check out my video of one of my newest songs, Motel 8!! Thanks for your support! Love ya! <3
Boston wit the dubb. I'll say no more
While watching the NBA All-Star game (incredibly boring BTW), I decided that I need to go white water rafting. Can't wait for May!!!
love you too.
Once people get tax returns, Orbital Spaceflight sales skyrocket. Crossing my fingers that my 10,000th cold call is the take-off point.
Ohh oh I do not hook up, I fall deep.<3
It feels good doesn't it? RT : It's "Unsubscribe Monday" - when I unsubscribe from all that spammy email cluttering my inbox.
I can't decide what's more embarrassing, Huntsman's Nirvana reference or the yuppie DC journalist tweeters trying to act cool in response..
Cinco de Mayo and the fullest moon entire reading this tweet will ever see for the next million years...
that's my little girl! It is cool to this former player love we can talk about these little points with her! I'm humbled.
Saw at Seattle Center today. Should have said hello. Life is full of regrets that way.
Aww thank u :) Hope all is well & I hope 2 see u blow n concert very soon .... let me know RT : is so pretty!
Sure does seem quiet in Fenway today...
When a boy opens a car door for his girlfriend; one thing is for sure, either the car is new or the girl
Tonight Tonight. She's back. The beautiful and sultry "Stacey Brooks" 8pm. Come on out and enjoy this beautiful evening w us!!
we love you too. I can tell you that we are trying to make the world look better one tie at a time
Hanging down @ area 99, the drama, hypocrisy and bullshit going on here makes me sick. Why isn't this in the news?
": “: I love this kid too much.” STFU" you *~soulja boy~*
I will let Kim know, she will be so pleased!
RT Good advice! A5: If the senior does not have a cell phone, perhaps purchase a pay-as-you-go phone
welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter...enjoy!
lol we can have the same thing in vegas!!,
Good morning.
FINALLY, date set. Austin, im coming at you 4/30! I better see you
too much of a distraction, though it would be a blast to watch
Abscess in my mouth, so painful it's unreal
haha you crazy! That is too funny!
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME
RT: " Official AXO alum :) made it with out geting kicked out #proud" my little problem child did the damn thang! YeahMeems!
Everything you say & do I take it against me.. maybe I just don't like you :P
then don't put her on mobile notifications?
hi could i get a follow back please? :)
It's Crafty
#LastTimeIChecked, you haven't asked me out, therefore I'm single, therefore I can do WHATEVER the FUCK I want. <U+270C>
some good tv tho had me yellin at the tv and shyyyt lol
hot box it :)
good luck :)
you guys are gonna do great! Good luck tomorrow :). I'll be there Saturday!
u the lil homie man i cant take yo money
Mitchell gets standing ovation for speech
RT AND I LOOOVVVVEEEEEE the new "I Still Believe" and hearing the Sophias Heart kids recorded :-)
do you finally miss us enough to come and visit? orr ya know *fake caugh* *fake caugh* move back? *fake caugh*
Today was a carrot pulling bean planting fish frying grits cooking bread baking Sunday. Tomorrow, I will gather mulberries with the baby. :)
Got your message - trying to reply.
Big win for the NY Knicks today.. Last time they won a playoff game, I was still in elementary school!
I fucking love My heart skipped a beat when they followed me<3
So what's everybody doing for thanksgiving tomorrow? I'll be working all day :/
Don't want to go to school tomorrow
It's Friday!! Wish it would rain again, in this windy city...
Taking road trip to San Diego today. Ah.
Post Edited: Be Picky!
What happens if #Santorum sweeps tonight?
- we are so glad that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday! Let us know if you need anything!
Wonderful news for that penguin.
#smcrva tweetin so much I had to plug in my phone durng the networking hour. . .
Fascinating bit on Finnish education!
I knew you would :-)
USA vs Mexico soccer: Showdown at the Azteca (World Cup Qualifier), August 12th. Watch is live at FOX Sports at 1:00pm.
<3 you too.
and we have cool kids too! #bonus! What's with the #hashtag hashtag?
- Can't Get Him Off My Mind !
Haloti Ngata vs. David Decastro. I like our chances
Omg, my brother found my movie Blow! It's been in the trunk of my car for months lol
Awweee so nice to me.. Thank you...
I love how i brag about you.
According to guidebook, you're are a SE Asia veteran when you can climb out of a bus w/out bumping your head. I'm looking forward to that!
what movie are you talking about?
Don't fuck with stoop kid
It is comforting to know that not only the steps but also the stops of a good man are ordered by the Lord. George Mueller
Will you follow me ...
Hi c:
the maine?
haha so true! “: Where's the prop bet for 'Twitter feed way more entertaining than the game?' Sucker's bet, really.”
my stomach hurt !
It runs in the family.
Thanks for coming out to see us today!
What is that kip
It appears America's land mass has been downgraded.
very excited :)
#Flyer gameday.... and I'm almost to tweet 6,000. Who should i dedicate number 6,000 to? hm
but niggas are tryna say a nigga who lead the league n steals 3x cant play Defense..dats blasphemy
Thanks ! Nice work and crew! Provocative conversation at #mcn2011 today. Amazing when we see we're all in the same boat!
It looks really nice!
Loving this weather!
go to make my cake in harlem, new york city on 116th street best cake in the world if you must have cake
what ever happened to our sleep-over?
I have to tell you that I loved American Me. It felt relatable and I just wanted you to know. BSG was great too
I am so thankful that he's present in my life n we have an awesome relationship !
Baking banana bread and reading Wired.
Almost forgot... Happy Patriots' Day!
Middle school
I can't WAIT for Californication! Hope you're doing great, Phil.
RT "A computer is the most remarkable tool that we've ever come up with. It's a bicycle for our minds" - Steve Jobs
I wish I could've gone to the Literary Love Poem Contest tonight!
checked it out on a friend's phone. Yelp is totally different on android. You don't eagerly anticipate every update like me? ;)
Swisher sweet $0.79, Lighter $1.29, Bag of goodies $10, but the ability to have yo bitch pearl it up,
The more you stress it, the more it will hurt. Keep that in mind.
yea we were :'(
Call 294-2200 for a VIP party, includes $1 Bud Light-Yueng drafts & wells, $2 calls, $3 Guinness, craft drafts & layered pints 1/2 off apps!
My favorite line from my absolute favorite Smiths song
I take that back.. I'm not in my car so I don't have it with me.
School of the Arts Dance Department continues to prove that it's a joke more and more everyday. Graduation, come faster please?
Ok great. You know I always love to chit chat!!! Lol.
Why is it that ALL the super #attractive #cute #sweet #funny #smart #stunning #amazing #romantic #sexy #GUYS go to every school but mine?!?!
And that is the subject of a blog I'm currently working on. I really want to challenge the "NO CELL PHONES" urge we all have.
first day of spring break = massive cleaning.
Would like to hear more about this.
love your background! thanks for following!
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. Robert Louis Stevenson
What's on channel 27?
Stoked for the new album!
Thanks John! Boomerang-in the love!
I was really hopeful that today would be a good day.Then it started sucking. Now I am eating a hoard of chocolate. It's a good day after all
Gasol was struggling with Kenneth Faried. Serge Ibaka ain't no damn Kenneth Faried, I'll tell you that much
oh really?
happy birthday Cody!!! I hope u have a wonderful birthday!!!
The first show was incredible, with brushstrokes of Iris van Herpen and Commes Des Garçons for spring 2012
:) RT : thanks again for such amazing service and amazing food..keep up the amazing work
RT : I want to make #ThinkLikeAMan a trendind topic.........Help me twitches
Bay-bay does it again! Go Broncos! Go Jackets!
isn't it hysterical?? LMT promises that he will be cleaning it up. Good times! Xoxo
My life, My idol, My teenagedream, My love, and i want him to be my first love!
Humming a tune when you're upset can ease your mind.
good thing plenty of people disagree, or id be out of work :)
HOW THE RASS CLAT JA IS NOT CARRYING GREGORY'S FUNERAL LIVE ON TV THAT'S THE LEVEL OF RESPECT THEY HAVE FOR THEIR HEROES WHAT THE FU@#
If you would like to hear the 8 Core Orchestra Series for FREE, @ reply and I'll send you a link to download the mp3s.
Hahah, that was epic. At Canoe, right? And a good many drinks in. (Would quoting/acting this year be too much?)
What an incredible playoff game. #49ers deserve it. 36-32 over the
Enjoy, and may the force be with you.
I have taken a big interest in the "Parenthood" show on NBC. Perhaps this is because I am now a parent.
when is a new BB coming out for Verizon?
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!5
You're way over qualified. But for you, I'd write a fab recommendation.
This dress makes me look stout.
I said I could if I wanted. gee, you cant read ? harsh.
I could be your girlfriend until the worlds ends.
i finally got Under The Mistletoe & i love it! My favorite song is All I Want Is You!(: #MuchLove!
Thank you sir & thanks for reading. Enjoying your sites.
I think you have to use a Chrome extension, like Join Windows.
I KNOW. Me too
are you kidding me...which one did you get?
Is Kyle Orton active?
Getting close to the finish line!
Off duty officer at gas station tells me my tint is kinda dark. Me: lucky you're off. Ha!
Which #WBC beer packs the biggest punch? First to answer w/the name & ABV % of the brew w/the highest alcohol content gets a free ticket.
Can't wait to grill and watch the game tonight!!!
I miss you & I hate myself for it.
Is it just coincidence or does using a prismere lock pick in Kingdoms of Amalur always ensure a unique item appears in the chest?
Sixx flags,, I miss u terribly!! </3
Don't get all butt hurt.
what is it u need
pssst.... we launched a brand-new www.newark.rutgers.edu this weekend - go look!
that's pretty much anything government. ;)
just wait for that guitar squeal..
Who likes contests? Come in and rent a newly renovated unit and get a chance to win Cubs tickets.
In Music Meeting We Are The Juggernaut” I think this is good, I just don’t know if the CD101 audience will agree, Tom doesn’t
hahaha your messed up man....
1more year too shine cuzzin , holla at me when u make it big my guy <U+263A>lmao , ima knock fam
yea that's the one we're in.
yes they are awesome
People who get on my twitter and Facebook and write stuff I wouldn't say. So if theres a weird tweet it's probably not me
Studio Session @ Platinum Room Studio...
A survey of Miamians say Ozzie Guillen should keep his job after his Fidel Castro comments, fake apology, decent apology. What do you think?
RT-comforting arms/// Thanks!!
LET'S GO CARDS!
One of the worst days of my sister's life was when I got bigger than she.
RT if you have moves like jagger!!
my first duty as a member of #BrickSquad is to borrow ten dollars ill get u back next week
Baby, I thought that we had something Compared to him, I'm next to nothing
thanks for the follow check us out at www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com
About to perform Sweet by Leslie Scalapino's!
Ouch! he just needs some time ..I liked his feet...we agree on most ...this will be fun to see how it plays out
Should have those invites by the morning for you guys. :) Will PM once I have more in hand.
WE'RE KICKING OFF THE CRAZIEST TEEN BASHES THIS SUMMER STARTING 2NYT @ CLUB MANSION! DOORS OPEN @ 7!
I want a midnight snack
RT To love and be loved in return>>
I wish that the iconic and justin bieber follow me
Paul Revere rocking on my speakers! My fav Beastie song.
Still interested in a show w/Monique Stein in Tampa? she's the mom who went blind to save her kids sight? Asked me 2 to ask U
You can run, but you can't hide.
loves GLEE so much!!!
you won your league? Congrats! Buy your wife something nice. ;)
we love your profile pic!!
u can do "what everr" u want lady #YourTime One better... "who cares"
thank you Theo!
Your game ticket gets you access to the concert after the game. So you have tickets through your ST package already.
Laser-like focus on any subject will cause a chain reaction of events that will cause whatever you're looking at to come closer to you
follow back please :)
she can also go next door to see some ass shaking. A defacto foxxy's
you have a quality People have been saying it.
Hey Pollen, U SUCK TODAY! Signed, Me!
Kaiser Chiefs on CP time
Loved 's Cover Of Misletoe On Surprise Ustream (:
August 2001 MLS & FIFA had a double header at Giants Stadium: Columbia - Libera followed by Miami Fusion - NY/NJ Metrostars
Ah lol that stinks
In better times I jokingly referred to Dan as "Yankee Billy Beebe" in reference to Union hero William Sully Beebe.
I woke up at _________________ today.
Think it might be an issue on my end. I'll look into it more and let u know if I'm still having trouble. thx 4 the response!
"So is mortadella is the mushroom or cheese family?" Hmm neither, I was doing a cross between mozarella and portabella
Mutiny on the Bounty Hunter
Why are you watching the fight?
Will someone bring me a glass of white wine? I'm in booth 318
Would you measure best by broad engagement, or intellectual depth? And would HNN count as a blog?
that's what we call winning.
" ... his talke is held arguments, when the Scripture-arguments are held but talke." --Thomas Adams
Capezio is the official shoes for Allegro Dance Company! www.capeziodance.com Only the best!
Text us your sports questions & comments for our !
i thougt friends were forever but i guess not . .
Let's see if my voting paid off last night (:
have a trill one bro
Even the stars may burn, sometimes the fall to the earth
- Gonna start to bring down my BFI so I won't feel it on the pitch! Nonstop sprints back & forth in games are deadly.
doesn't tweet much, but he's just composed an awesome mini score for the prologue of the Electric Six video.
No love
"most important thing in a relationship is trust..... Well, after sex & hygiene"
woo just signed up for my first credit card!
4-2 now. Todays picks Baltimore over Houston 24-10 and the upset the GMen over the Packers 35-30. What do you think?
not feeling these trending topics today
90% of jobs are created after a company goes public but right now it is too hard & takes too much money to do so.
good!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and yes I can't believe it's on right now lol
Oh shiza well it didn't tell me i had a text
On Feb. 14th Marrakesh Express (A Cosby, Stills, Nash, & Young Experience) have a show at the Calumet Theatre in Calumet Michigan.
For winter training, check out Train Chicago Studios Computrainer room
Haha aww yea its funny bc il hit Isaih n she gets so mad but if isaih hits me she'll just sit n look at me Haha
And cheese! :)
Never let it be said I don't follow back!
Yes it was RT : Seen a happy couple actually having fun together last nite..u dnt see that too often
Trade has "branded" it the "official retirement" home; a lie; it has only ever had 1 NYC carriage horse, we'll see.
Thanks! With the rain I'm very happy to have my suitcase. RT : rooting for you today after your crazy travel to get to dc
and thanks for following us!
I used my friends address before I moved to Portland. What they don't know won't hurt em!
And the demolition has begun this morning!
Any of my fellow Twits use Teux-Deux, Remember The Milk, or Todoist? Recommend one over another?
Touchdown for touchdown - Oregon & Wisconsin. Every time they say "Monte Ball" I think they are saying "Moneyball"
great! And the new site will make this even more prominent
ty Michael for the shout out! How was your mom's Bday??
Again...What is the Danish word for Oh $h!!t!!!
I could see that being the case. I often become a green triangle when I'm there.
The Descent
it was AHHMAZING :)
Vertigo Happy Hour - Live Music every Friday from 5 - 8 - drink specials and $4 appetizer buffet Make sure & give Rick a kiss!
yes. Already maxed out both the hyatt 10K and the Marriott megabonus. Have yet to decide where to burn those nights.
what is your favorite show?____________ What is your favorite song?____________ What is your favorite thing to do?_______ Reply with answers
Movie recommendation is Patrick Swayze in "Dirty Dancing"
Yeah, but it was way money oriented. The original Traffik series was much better and didn't depend on pretty faces.
Is your pool open yet ?
Im late hearing about this, but I heard a third Harold and Kumar is coming out! HELL YA
TGIF! can't believe Patchwork is Sunday! & taco surf will be on hand to fill LB bellies. YUM!
Trying out #cocktail recipes for #summer #Cocktail #Challenge Trying to win a trip to
I'm a fan n that schedule is a joke, when do we get a tougher schedule so when playoffs come around they don't think its a cakewalk
The #IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17...now is the time to start organizing your receipts!
Long story short: he dies
Today is the #First Day of #Spring! What are you doing to celebrate in #Miami?
Subtitle for this year's #SOTU address, "The Girl With The Neck Tattoo."
Happy Thanksgiving From The Kevin Hayden Band! Enjoy and be safe!
Effort: Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
when ya sit on them?
My love! I've been thinking about you, girl!
RT : Mother, there is no other. So treat her right this #MothersDay w/ brunch at 10am to 2:30pm Reservations!
awesome! congrats jennie!
Last day of frap happy hour :(
Need to get caught up on the Wulff situation? NWST with and Jack Thompson 930 11p KONG
Mavericks make a 17-4 run, are in possession for another fourth quarter comeback.
talk tonight - #Seattle Arts & Lectures! But have to miss Sam Lipsyte at and Geoff Dyer at the libr. ().
congrats, that's great! Hope you're enjoying.
it's ok haha talking 2 someone's better then homework
RT Getting started w/ Health Law 2.0 #health2con. Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules
Please start a tumblr detailing which books receive the #lovesmudge We want to buy them.
#ThingsIGetAlot Your hair is so pretty
Ima be in bmore after christmas. we gotta catch up. have you change your info?
Today id a good day for
Ablitech thought the UMD BioPark was the best place to grow their business.
if u really wanted to be with me you wouldnt have let me go in the first place. so be happy, u have what u wanted
dolo means solo...as in singular
Me "im 2 math tests behind and I leave next Tuesday" math teacher "your only a freshman... Stop being so good at golf"
love to dicuss the future of PLE of english schools. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
there's a whole lot to the tax incentive story. It's a vicious cycle with dubious benefits to state. Prob is if a state doesn't..
I predict #NewOrleans will be laughing after #Hurricane #Irene peters out like Californians laughed after the "big" Earthquake
Thanx, Marty! Send some tracks! :)
That night NBC has Law & Order on. But season finale of SNL staring Mick Jagger.
I really hope you meant "layover" #DamnYouAutoCorrect RT : lover. Just landed at Orlando.
yucky.I think that's the perfect word to describe the way I feel.
RT : Letter to Secy. Duncan: Schools need straight, targeted regulatory relief for next school year. Quid-pro-quo approach...
just try and keep my TL Rated G please lol
Ok Bulls won yesterday, an now the Nuggets... What it is #Bulls #Nuggets finals.
Front-butt.
Behind every player there's a girl that broke his heart
I tell her... I'm a loner Dotty, I'm a rebel, its whateva! On dat Rocko
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I dropped out
#QuestionOfTheDay: What is your favorite cartoon character?
OMG! Boom it went.
it finds u be patient
people don't understand why I read so much. so here's the answer: its an escape. from the annoying. the bitchy. the rude. from everything..
Thanks Seattle Girl!
I can't believe it's Friday again! #FF happy St. Patricks! have a safe a profitable weekend.
#Ersquake!!! What a put back!
I just washed my car for this very reason a couple of days ago. Little maple seedlings were rooted under the windshield wipers.
But you won't be here yet!
We're doing that too!
#whatif advances in origami included the "realistic,"like live birds and vehicles.Good for the environment & tax credit for the best folding
RT : RT How u have the wrong number and u get mad at that person kill urself// Wait!! Did you retweet yourself cuzzo?!
@ maciel_96 oh ok
"Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.” - Mary Manin Morrissey
Just got 20 class request!!!
hahaha, yes and i'm still a pro
I also have Britdar.
WI, remember to #vote today!
#SEO #CEO has blocked us! He has 32 followers :( Remember Brafton's 3 D's! #DISCRIMINATE, DON'T #Hire Over 40, & DENIAL!
hahahaha! I luv it! Good strategy :)
JJ Barea dating ms. universe now, no wonder he tore up the clippers tonite
You can hear the quintet from the Heinz Hall lobby, The Pittsburgh Brass Collective, during intermission on Classical QED 89.3
surgery on wednesday bro bro
Hm. Just like old times? Pretty much.
I'm doing good :)
follow me back this is desmond
great #ihsmdc event tonight!! really enjoyed hearing from so many interesting people. well done and thank you for organizing!
My culinary tour of SF is over but delicious memories live on thanks to WaterBar, Zero Zero, Cotogna, Gitane, RN74 & Cowgirl Sidekick.
I'll have to check on that! :-)
going to purchase a saber tooth so I can sink some putts from Downtown!!
hahahahaha, that's fantastic.
Not anymore ;)
2 more hours here and I'm free!!!!
oh wow! Yea u need to go...
your mom is shit
oh don't forget Ron Hextall!
Who do you think is going to win March Madness???
Hard to ride a bike with poor bike paths and lack there of Thank you Todd for supporting cyclist in SD!
chatting about sub prime loans moving from people of color neighborhoods and moved on to the white suburban areas deregulation
Develop a pilot project for centrally allocating $2million in additional title I funds to up to 20 high poverty schools
got some beats 4 u homie
A freezing office demands resourcefulness. Wear a coat indoors, hold warm printer paper, scald your hands w/hot water in the bathroom, etc.
WAR DANCE
"A free spin is like taking a woman to the mall & giving her a credit card, she'll be back when she is ready." ~Carter Butler, ATL~
Sunday Funday - Baby Maker Style??
good ones. Thanks! How are you honey?
what does that suppose to mean lol
Today Day at Cascade Waterpark. Admission $5 kids 9-under. $10 for adults. proceeds help local kids www.cascadeAC.com RT me
things are coming along. expect us coming.
Fans in NYC, our new samples are here & we're looking for a few models to wear them in a small photo shoot, ya dig?...
Heading to press conference on the windy shores of lake Michigan. Say tuned for updates & pics!
so many job apps...trying to create the perfect resume!
Never seen this movie
Totally. Blooms and birds singing. Anything newsworthy happening today that you've captured?
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 12
Need a solution for outdoor power? Check out our products from Solis Energy! www.SolisEnergy.com
no i just finished taking my chemistry test online
#Heat game2 tom!! 3 dubs away from the sweep let's get it!!
sorry to hear that! :o(
Movie Review: The Lucky One Jinxed by Far-Fetched Plot Review in a Hurry: Zac Efron has fallen in love with Taylor Schilling before he's
Why am I watching 4 yen year olds behave like Chris Brown or something for money pft #America minis behaviour my sister informs me
So I was and others playing ball. Had a good time :-) God is good ALL the time!
what do you think about interactive widget-based apps in the cloud?
I coulda invited someone.. Or tried to ahah
nice flow.
Kanye west is not attractive what so ever! What is kim kardashian thinking?
Turn partial contact data into Rich Social Profiles with the FullContact API. We'll be at next week, let's meetup!
If you still wanna party when you leave beamers come hang with us #nine72 afters right behind beamers
Check out Mike Irace. I'll send a DM with the number. Not the cheapest, but reliable, knows his stuff, and no bull.
Don't tell me when to go to bed. I stay up till my homework is done. I'll go to bed when I'm ready.
So this mama bird decided to lay her eggs on our construction site (months ago) and TODAY 3 of the 4 HATCHED!! ONE MORE TO GO!! <3
3 more weeks until i get out of school praise the lord im SICK of that place
That's cool.
Your the man triple h get better soon
So kimchi made with that pepper paste is my most delicious batch to date. So good!
Hey, hey, catalog systems aren't boring! They're epic! Gripping! We're getting a new one soon too, so I should know.
Today, airplanes are shooting stars.
takes stage at #HRSummit2012 on 7 things HR Must Stop Doing - focuses on being connectors not barriers.
: Breaking news: Bulls guard Derrick Rose tore his Anterior Cruciate Ligament and he is out for the remainder of the season.
Tatum O'Neal was 10 when she won Best Supporting Actress for "Paper Moon" in '74, making her the youngest person ever to win.
Ok I know I'm a day late but 'you can't shoot here' is a great premise.
So ..... 's theme song isInescapable by Jessica Mauboy. :O)
Thanks for the response Do you think eliminating the allocation would stop $$ from being raised entirely?
its abt a gay boy who gets so jealous of the boy he couldnt have, he turns in2 aphrodite & reeks havoc on everybodys luv lfe
Hi, Reverb community. Wishing you a wonderful weekend. We at HQ appreciate you!
I think he said he was going to the galleria
That I will!
Anyone know about those multiple choice questions for physics? Do we have to do anything other than the first page?
what do you think it is?!
RT : Oh, so you're naturally beautiful? Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
Time to quit...I did. ": Holly shit $30.00 for 2 packs of cigarettes in Connecticut"
I love KG's offball movement. Just so, so, so good.
It's where we live. Thanks Kruse.
Yay no cross country today I took a sat act prep test it was hard even the personal info part of the test was hard
Thank The Lord for that!!
how do you think our #bcfootball recruiting class will look next year? Its only going to get worse.
ok thanks
WILD crowd of book lovers for John & Hank Green. Thx !
Last PiYo Wednesday, doodles!
or something.
Yikes mothers day is right round the conner
39 seconds let's go!!
don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there's footprints on the moon
jim carrey is #unreal as the grinch.
36 players left. Just below average. Let's go !!!
WHY?D;
Thank you for supporting Kempe and for being a superhero for abused kids!
you guys are Crazy if we dont see on open fight night soon!!! TNA needs Jamin!
you forgot
so now mississippi can have a team to best up on. A&m was ranked 8th two weeks ago??? Come on man
I need to modify my friends...hahha
i feel like i xan run like 10 miles right now!! im so up
I think Rose is still my favorite Companion.
#MUSICNEWS Whitney Houston's daughter stars in reality TV series
The Jeans Whisperer will be opening a new store location! Will keep you posted...
Solis Energy's Power HotSpots will be deployed around the track at the 12 Hours of Sebring race saturday
u are the thunder and i am the lighten
Doing nothing all day
No WAY! Welcome to our BRO ! Follow him for a vicarious taste of the open road. He's making his way across the USA.
The Platinum Highway can be your. Here is your chance to meet some of the top multiplatinum producers- www.starmentors.com
What' s fellas! Hope we can come on tomorrow and talk UTSA to C-USA!
THE JAZZ BAR WAS REAL NICE
ugh homework then dinner then dance y do i go to dance soo far away
safe sex guys,safe sex.
I wish I can tap my feet like mumbul #happyfeet #taptap hahaha
Filming Ep 73 today! 73 weeks straight of movies, games, and snacks. Ivan Diaz from will be guest hosting. Watch the video Mon.
totally. But I cannot do anything but love copy like that. But then, I liked West Wing, too.
Cal for breaking the FF drought.
RT We're participating n Angel Tree! We've adopted 20 angels. How r u choosing 2 share this season?//Adopted 1 on Sat!
I come out with so many new clothes so often til the other designers can't even keep up!
I resurrect resurrect resurrect.
10 to 2. I would expect that kind of logic from a MI guy
Hockey is the only good sport
Happy to demo it for you in our library if you've not seen it in action.
ouch!! annual price still beats spotify. I listen to pandora every day :)
Thanks! I'm going PC-Mac, so I'll stick w/ Synergy.
I'm not Asian? Lol
11 states, including Colo. Fla & Tenn, seek #NCLB waivers per 39 states + DC & PR have said they will apply.
Why does every Philly sports team have different team colors?
I don't understand why people don't like beer, its so refreshing.
Back to the wack
Exactly. That kind of behavior should be reserved for the bar.
I cannot accept that flares/bellbottoms are back in style. It reminds me too much of when I was 13.
don't tell me anything - I haven't read it or seen it yet.
working on the next edition of Dungeons + Dreamers (finally, again...): what are the best computer game/culture blogs + writers out there?
at least you didn't go home with them and have to pull and awkward walk of shame lol :P
Ooooohhhh did I just say that lol
Realizing I will be 40 this year and Ive never felt more alive. #Timeisonmyside #Where'smysalt&pepper?
Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit.
Aw shucks Mr. Gordon, thanks for that. You're good, you're awfully good...
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
If they ruin it, like make it different than the book & if they don't find the perfect actors, I WILL BOMB THE WORLD AND KILL MYSELF
Thank you for the link.
Sometimes things I post on my blog are hypocritical but they are my thoughts and thats the point! http//:www.artsalternativepath.com/
Call It: Pac Man or Ms. Pac Man?
#Mosley truly looks his age
Lovely running into today. :)
don't be sorry get you party on!!
S EUR/JPY at 115.45 for a short term day trade
Can't seem to wake up today. In serious need of caffeine.
LMAO someone needs to post it on his wall! I cant wait to see him next week
Biden breaks up about being a single Dad. Take that lipstick pitbull soccer mom.
hey there thanks for the follow. Where would I submit a resume?
#lent is over!!!! Bring on the online shopping
lol. I know! :D
#WelcomeToThe1DFamilyGibby !!! new trend ;P
Power of the girls is that when she was bad, it looks great.
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined.” - Henry David Thoreau
's Unfollowed me than followed me again Wuddup with that dude ? xD
Phillies leave Rollins stranded at 3rd after a lead off double..no score after 1 inning at the Bank
Watching Sinbad at the Central Catholic auction. Good times
I should be on the haunted or paranormal or something. Theirs a ghost in my room and its fucking with my head and my mom doesn't believe me!
ended up busting #vds in last level, ran pretty bad after dinner and lost the last 20bb 22 v AK aipf. 1k tomorrow?
Greenberg, ROI considerations for metadata generation: time, money, quality, & use/functionality
I just saw the picture! Hahaha
turnovers tend to drop off in the second half if the first was bad. Usually. So I expect that to happen.
thinks there's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning
Well. I messed that one up, huh?
yo, you think you can help me get more followers?
Are you gonna sing???? That may be worth the trek out there!
One time I swear I saw an alien. Oh shit you just had a fkd up face?? Sorry. Lmfao
How can they justify negating our RIGHTS like this? It is the SAME as a pimp taking away our personal sovereignty! We refuse the SHAMING!
Would you bed down on wool?
I did actually but it was like over a month ago.
cause he's not in a or garment like all the really fast folks! Better skinsuit = no apparent breasts
why live tweeting the action of course. which you're doing. thank you.
amen and Chris will never ever get that trending topic I want http get him
Listening to tech college librarians talk about #infolit instruction barriers. Homelessness, displaced adult workers, etc. Very sad...
people are always stealing tweets from me. wtf.
I meant, we heart...
#AGREED. Couldnt happen sooner...
Half empty — unemployment stubbornly high, property values soft in certain Markets, and private capital yet to return to mortgage markets.
I'm just like everyone else: I put my straight jacket on one buckle at a time.
Off to a rocky start this morning but we've arrived at union station. Get your soup, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, barbacoa, al pastor
Sounds like a fabulous plan to us!
when are you going back to your house
$57.31 turned into $214.00. Just pay your city taxes people.
you're welcome!
Need a break from cyber shopping? Happy Hour tonight 5-7
I know why dem white boyz so skinny now hah
M, breakfast for dinner!
Guitar guitar guitar =p pc4pc???
Writers should focus on the most important part of writing: leafing through Writers Market to find agents who don't charge reading fees.
Brooklyn Half Marathon is almost near capacity and it opened less than 3 hours ago! Get on it now!
Hi, my name is Harold Miller, I'm runing for Mayor of San Fran as a writein candidate, check out my plateform at www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
- You've got a Chinese 7th hangover. It's the only kind you want to last.
#gf #glutenfree Meal Planning Monday on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com
why we jus,friends, lol.. She wont mind lol
either - just looking for one of those "can't put this book down" page turners! Hoping the 4 hour flight goes by fast.
On soon: "Bobby Keough and the Kingdom of the Super Mega Awesome Radio Show" from 2-3!!
My pee smells like raspberries.
Weeden = Derek Anderson
For? lol But your welcome.
RT : The wealthiest 400 people in America own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans. -
WORLD EXCLUSIVE! Kristin Meise in her first and only interview since her best friend Ashley Falk committed suicide. BTR 10pm/CT. Tuesday
Every one make sure y'all become a fan on the Facebook Faytal The Franchise
Plus, very exciting to me that students and professors are discussing ways to be more transparent in archival practices. More studies!
Yes, I can understand that for sure! ;-) I'm sending a DM in a min!
The has taken the #blame for the #Massacre of #49 #bodies being found on a
no classes together this year
Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger. Seems like just the other day
holy bar fight at moosehead earlier. Thank you CIAA tourny for the entertainment
yeah I thought the same thing. What are you up to today?
I'm lying. I'm still here in the depths of hell
Hey boo thanks for retweeting. That's why i love you. :-) See you saturday. Let's party!!!!!!
but do you think i could just easily lay down and sleep? OF COURSE NOT, WHY WOULD MY BODY DO THAT? IT'S FUN!!!
Wed. we celebrate 100 days til #Olympics. send #Twitpic of u @ Olympic sites in LA & you could win Olympic gear
Babs was bringing it on XM Broadway today
hey bro are you on skype?
you're missing out at #CTIAw12 - hop on a plane NOW
Videos b makn me tweak man
Do you really believe this?????
boo hoo sorry to see you go but he'll final 4, ain't to shabby love ya Lisa
A part time job doesnt work cause you're only working part of the time
True that! RT "If you don't read the newspaper, you are uninformed; if u do read the newspaper, you are misinformed-Mark Twain"
"Boutique app projects help drive funding for larger infrastructure needs" Sustainability tip -
I'm at dade & wearing one of my jean jane tanks today! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
talk to me on aim :(
It was interesting that XTina was texting on her phone during Tony's performance on #TheVoice . I used to be a fan. Poor taste.
Started a playgroup w/ a mom in San Diego for kids 3 and under w/ food allergies. Anyone in area interested in joining? Message me.
I KNOW. cause my mom will be like I DIDN'T LIKE RNG and I'm like GAIDBWJDHWI DO YOU HAVE EYES
“: Today is National Be Kind To Sonny Day!!” a good day indeed! Sending love!
dam they closed the trappers its a sad day in the burgh
Hooked on #BreakingBad thanks to my son Catching up on past episodes on
Actually teared up a little when I heard Maurice Sendak died. Can't imagine growing up without his books.
Every sweet has its sour, every evil it's good - Ralph Waldo Emerson. (o how I wish you paid me attention)
DAMON AND REBEKAH STOP
I paid $12.99 for the Kindle version. I would have paid triple. Thanks for the laughs!
Praying for you. I'm in connecticut, It's going to hit our WHOLE STATE. D:
#Evangelicals contradict themselves saying they interpret the entire #Bible literally, because the Bible itself, is full of contradictions.
Lets Load up the Plane! Bye-bye #NewYork! Its been fun! Now back to the #Grind in the
I kno fam I was jus talkn 2 Goody abt it. But sum stuff jus came up I'm not gone make it. But ima be down there b4 school ends
Oh, , I so didn't get invited! I'm just showing up to sit in the Green Room with friends who score me passes and, like, walking around.
Changed my background on here! its pretty rad.
This dress is see through, time to go through the closet again.
Just started 's book last night and I'm obsessed. Fave story so far is her "falling" off the diving board. Perfect xmas gift!
ironic that my iPhone won't make or receive calls so all my work calls are being done via rotary kitchen phone. Finger hurts from spinning
i wanna get a tattoo >>>
idk it's really weird o_O
I Love #TheHungerGames Great Movie Your Beautiful With blond And The Color In The Movie lol
teaching isn't showing students what you know, but where to go....
What inbox you mean direct message ?
that's right. Star students.
everyone keeps telling me i seem 'off' with them recently, oops:l
If you read one book every 3 yrs like me, this wouldn't be such a big issue #ImOnTwitterNow!
it's not common to see dudes in the regular gym doing Olympic lifts
: Thanks to for designing our jersey! :: The pleasure is all ours! We love being a part of your great ride!
oh, mmk :P
thanks, i appreciate the support.
I've let the bullshit slide for bout 6 months reached my limit run and tell em that. Cuz that's the truth that's as they say "real talk" lol
I need a girl that's dtc.
how about the "all stars" compete next year!
Cheers to the freakin weekend. Rooftop action now at Eden lounge for Happy Hour.
Last night show was wikked smaart! Who wants a copy of the Breaks madness?
Doing some IE testing, and cleaning up some JS before pusing the site live. Check it out soon.
Going to ck out a great furniture place for a blog feature!
I'm glad I've missed you
Cookies with milk :}
Discovered ice cream in my freezer. Yes.
lol ima take that as a good complient but i get that alot
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
Peoplee who say bro after erything can start to be annoying.
Looking for a great massage? Mystic Journey Massage is offering 20% off the first session to all DPR card holders/ Palm Springs/ Cat City
nah on that twitpic you posted of your gf
any of the shows at Gillette?....that's how this whole thing got started last year....t-storms & rock concerts
Screw rules. Screw parents and having no money and "being too young". I just want to live my life the way I want.
Yes but only if frank does the voice : you guys have to let Dig Tussy do a segment on "News You Have To Figure Out"
"He who says he can, and he who says he can't are both usually right." - attributed to a couple of people.
She had trouble keeping track what time it was.
We were just told that our site was used on your station on having a home inventory. Is there anyone we could contact to see it?
jennifer:so what are you doin tmrw? Me:idk. wbu? Jennifer:idk.. Me:we have amazing lives! Jennifer:IKR!
Whatever! Whatever! I do what I want! I sleep with the homeless!
when you coming to Columbus to work?
Of course you write! Glad to make your acquaintance.
Thank you for following me, I am excited!
Quality Tweeps to follow! CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style! *clink*
Watched The Graduate for first time since high school. Would never have understood it then as allegory of white male privilege.
In math . ewwie
not at all! thanks so much for suggesting us! wishing we were lounging in the park now!
that was a good pass to welker bad throw to sideline to Branch get it right. If he could of completed would of been1st down
Putting together a Beastie Boy tribute set for my gig tonight at the Pioneer Bar. What songs should I play? CC:
hopefully soon! We'll make sure to send you the new album when we're done :) thanks for spreading the word!!
So awesome to meet you tonight, ! And you too, ... again. :)
Perhaps I could meet you when you're in MKE? Recent Knoxville transplant.
Finally at home and it's so good to have my boyfriend here with me :)
I think you bring up an excellent point, southern.
“: RT : RT : I don't blame Bachmann for not believing in evolution. It's really let her down.
remind me to never go back....or never pay for the flight and hotel and only bring cash
Welcome Richard Carlbom-MN United's campaign manager...one of the smartest in MN politics today. tinyurl.com/RichardCarlbomMNUnited
Lunch time. (nite-nite here I go)
We passively take in messages from the world around us, even if we’re not overtly conscious of those messages.
lmao. What happens on those days?
Good crowd do far! Come on out to our all ages show
Kick Off is just about here…Who are you picking and why?
Stephen Elliott: "I kind of imagine Vaclav Havel grabbing the Dear Leader's lapels on the way out, saying, I'm taking you with me."
yeah thank u
UPDATE: Actor Joe Coyle (Ocean's Eleven) and producer Minette Seate (WQED) will join the January 30th panel at Carnegie Mellon University.
Perfectly purplicious. Enjoy 25% off all purple products in the Bliss Boutique through the weekend while supplies last.
okay thnx haha he is very hard to talk to!
Aye last night at the Legion was strate as fck brah i was gone off that #PeachCiroc lol
Pretty pumped about 's new cohort of incoming doctoral students...including a self-described metalhead!
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday. Retweet if you like pancakes.
Who can i watch true blood with this weekend??
Thanks for the shout out!
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it. When does book #2 come out in the US? Thanks!
Okay, 1st task completed. Readings are scanned in for next week's class. Parkes on Secretary hand! Now, to transcribe for T-PEN.
What a beautiful night!! Wind, rain, Thunderstorm! #crazychicagoweather <3
Of course the teacher is late for our final exam
I hate forward progress
and done! Keep listening and we will talk on air.
Why do I make life harder than it has to be?
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit. -Unknown (So true)
Snitch on everybody over everything they do
Ready to #party!
thanks for stopping in Mason. Had fun doing your podcast with today!
And proud of it. No shame. RT We encourage oxford comma shaming at the (cc )
We cry every time we send these off to a hungry customer's stomach.
lets do it.
life is too short for skunky beer.
i can't wait to see teen wolf and i think jackson is the alpha lol anyway if you agree plz RT
"make me queasy dont speak no sound, i want you to prove it to me in the nude, addicted to the way you move" lol :p
health was terrible....
God bless our wonderful President! We are so fortunate to have this man! the Clinton PBS special shows just how well Obama is doing
GOAL! Timbers defender Eric Brunner scores in 43rd minute. Up 1-0 over Chivas USA!
Headed to the Warehouse with for UFC 129
nice pic!! Love u & Ali so much<U+2764> it would mean soo much if u followed me on instagram -pibkglitter758! I love all ur pics!
Yea! discussing the difficulties btn multiple personas and usability at #SXsso biggest problem is that we evolve and change
Thanks for following !
Buy A Tumbled Stone on 5/14 -email with the purchase code & get a link for lots of free stuff!...
You can't get sex, shut up.
I am so excited to meet the cast of this year's race. The energy and spirit of this crew will keep us warm.
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.<U+2665>
South Anchorage family's trailer home destroyed in #fire sparked by a deep-fryer, AFD says.
I want to be a librarian and talk about gaming. All day e'eryday.
Thought about retweeting Then didn't.
I do. I'm just saying that Heller's a propagandist. A huggable propagandist, but a taxpayer salaried one, too.
Anyone else have an #Oscars hangover? So sleepy this morning.
Napping on one of the couches in the clab. Don't care.
“: Learning to ignore certain people and things is one of the great paths to inner peace.”
lol dammit Patrick can't you see Spongebob wants the card.
Need one more follower to break 1,000 - whos in?
Got 16 of 24 predicted correct for the #Oscars !
ask snoop dog and his pals, they seem to have that chalice thing down pat..
Mom caught me twerking O.O
Her 'food' is processed by the enemy.
hahaha hanging upside down from trees. NICE.
Not really. Colt was a 3rd rounder who essentially got a 20 game trial, and they moved on.
Do you just quote things from you favorite tv shows that you watch?
Eating everything in sight
old lady status.
I'm never sure how to answer on value of PhD programs -- I think best I can say is, "It depends."
dude i <U+2665> you, please follow me!
Audio Interview from The Used coming soon!! :)
lol :) i miss you and hey i'm not lying haha you're beautiful kid!
Pinoy workers needed in Angola Recruitment starts on April 24 in Pampanga Capitol
Hope everyone had a wonderful easter weekend :)
O: the serial liar.
has an amazing voice. You should really follow me and
what do you think of Mora Jr. getting rid of "Over The Wall" tradition at UCLA? Was this needed, or just him making a statement
u can keep da pine ridin for da jags sideline we going to the bowl dis year
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 19
what would we do without it?? Hope keeps us all alive, or at least wanting to live:)
Im doing COver the night too! :D
ala your picture moves.
#SuperBowl Madonna doing Party Rock dance is not going to change my mind. Just saying.
I got five tweets already
LOL I know, they are SO not memorable enough for real names. ;)
lol I'm going for a ride later ;)
Big thx for great time at Science communication is important!
2NITE! PAUL OAKENFOLD & Body Painting @ RAIN in The Palms COMP ENTRY! Ladies FREE/Men reduced. Say yr on "Sheila's Guestlist" @ Sunset Tan!
I hate everything east coast in terms of Bias, but the pre game Fenway ceremony was pretty freaking sweet
On a lighter note, I'm loving the new cd from
Just went down a 10 story slide #nasig11 ! Yep, working!
Maybe yours will meet mine somewhere in oblivion.
Shout out to my girl she is a MUST
omg!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> haha I was shitting bricks that night! I really thought we were all going to jail<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> Cesar like a champ took the blame
"people are talking bad about me?!" haha, sorry you got hacked
State of GTD: 's Things has no cloud sync and has no iPad app. Still looking for the perfect solution.
shortly @ #EWGreece... stay tuned for some cool Entrepreneurial news from Athens !
We like it! RT : I swear I will! Castle mega store. RT : you wont go. Lol.
thank you so much! I really appreciate the support!
Just Wrapped Up My Hair, Time To Lay It Down.
but I finished a couple pages I making my Sis do the rest and she's actually goin to do it!!! Lol
RT : "PR is in the behavior business, not the eyeball business."
Anyone have the link for
“: ...pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, But pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell” :) Pissing off, easy.
Sorry 4 not tweeting cross-conversation. It's really good. Spencer Tickner of BC suggested common publishing, lots of agreement.
Jacket or Trip to LA ?x
Hey guys! We just got most sizes in for our Captoes (White, Brown, and Black). Up Next: Wingtips! w00t!
sets the tone for the stock market. Should sell stocks or sell short for profets. Season of the BEAR started weeks ago.
I'm so bored
And a hole in our wallets!!! “: RIP Steve Jobs. You left your mark on our desks, on our ears & in our hands.”
Roots Collider just rocked the airwaves of
I wish they made a perfume that smells like tanning oil
Bout to play Marvins Room and go to sleep
have a great graduation seniors 2010!!!!!! =]]
of course you did! And yes I watched the whole thing? The car part?
im sure lol
m' ok
When starting and growing your business, it&#039;s important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible. -Mike Smith
I never thought the term "recess" could evoke so much happiness past the 5th grade.
Live tweet at the today using
Money creates my grind my mind striaghtns my time......
It was 20 years ago the a buddy first dragged me to the UCSB computer lab to check out the World Wide Web. First search? Red Dwarf
The Witches scarred me for life. Whenever I hear about that movie, I immediatly shiver. Creepiest kids movie ever.
I love foot rubs!!!
i love my life what about u
Fav! I'm craving for dblcheese + fries + medium milo + cinnamon melt + double choc = yummy ! <3 I'm lovin it !
The only reason why I keep my mouth shut is bc I hav a goal in life, a bigger picture, nd I dnt see u in it, so therefore ur nt worth it.
No plans 2 miss any future games. Last trip was booked months ago. Expect 2 B there Saturday night.
dear mac, please work nicely. dear server, please let me on the network.
#igetThatAlot everybody wants SEO advise but few are willing to pay for it.
#erl12 faculty questions: what's needed, what's not needed?, what's not here but multidisciplinary? What's not on any lists?
Parents of tattooed teen sue NH school district - Fox News
going to the park for a jogging session, wish me luck.
Belly full of crab legs!
95% of the motherfuckers that will judge you aren't even worth a damn
This is about to be an interesting drive back. Estimated arrival: 3am -_-
- You know it!
Wow. I can't believe they made that call.
Not even 10 minutes into new Conan movie & it's already uber dumb!
I dream for a living. - Steven Spielberg
RT : whats a good place fo me to post my new mixtape for download< mediafire
Getting things configured on my new #galaxynexus It's taking some getting use to coming from an original Moto Droid.
laying out<3
NPR's pick-the-caption contest - Salt Lake Tribune (blog)
It could be Mahones and Your Year!!!!
twitter is a soap box for ignorant fools. i wish some people would actually read what they wrote, this shit is stupid.
you too! Come out to Arnolds downtown Friday! Free show!
we need a healthy chandler. Amare its time to go for good. Melo chandler dwill next yr
Hahaha damn Google and knowing everything!!! What side of town are you on?
Demaryius Thomas is a decent haircut and an attitude adjustment from being an effective receiver.
had my frist fitting at the WB when good
RT : 17 seconds of focused pleasureable visualization is stronger than 2000 hours of working to obtain a goal
Back to back New Girl with . So FREAKIN funny. Best chicken dance ever....
Aw man..well .. it can only get better from here.
Girl to girl bullying seminar tomorrow at 9am at Barry University! More info at www.southfloridaalerts.com
RT : Stoked to welcome to the team!
You stole me with hello and killed me with goodbye
I want to watch a compilation of "reactions" of people when you walk into Walmart. That is all.
idkkkk, the one where he said 'my towels >>'
Morning boat ride to a platform off of Santa Barbara, happy to be out of the heat. Ocean breeze is feeling good.
I'll check as soon as I can. Byrd has always been one of the quickest trotters (Wrigley's 3B dugout always slowed him down)
followed!:D
#sschat Vision of wikis would be a personal "wikipedia" of their learning,interpretation, etc....focus on research/analysis/product creation
#Thebestfeelingintheworld feeling like everyone accepts you for you.
RT if you love Liam Payne, i will follow you :)
Shit happens, just flush the damn toilet and move on (eww lol)
Great meeting with this morning for our project- watch for an article soon!
We're delighted to announce as a sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
The Wrecking Crew by Kent Hartman, about the crack team of musicians behind many of the great records of the 60s. Read it!
I think the lord is telling me something
thanks homie. Baseball soon!
You can't be in a relationship still single....
Ain't that the truth.
It was my pleasure, thank you for having me! “: Had another marketing consultant Thank You for coming over tonight!”
I consider oomf to be in college now.
ima just cool it tonight. The weather is all shitty anyways.
Like true gentlemen, you kept your word, but we still would've loved you guys anyway. Happy Friday!
great idea!
playing it next!
When u work wit Rosay it's like Dre working with Pac. Tupacs back! DJ Khaled is on the throne of the HipHop Kingdom!
Shit just keeps going downhill for me... Fell Better Pa<333333
Watching Insomnia with Robin Williams is so good at being creepy.
Welcome to the "Lightlife" June 5, 4-8, @ Fire on Water. 518 N. Water Street. Shoutout to the owners Matt & Bryan. Cool guys. Be there!
“: ": already following u":-) needn n wannin to book for my 22nd bday” dm me and we can get sum started
Yes, the issue should be corrected.
ha and why is that
Who wants to enjoy my mothers day present with me tomorrow?
=UPDATE= We are still open today. Just in case you couldn't make it during the week, come in with your books & get cash! Still 10AM-10PM
wow, look how green and lush your grass is already!
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch!
my fav song is just a kiss by u mishon
There have been 2 restaurants in my life that I have been excited to eat at. One being and the other one is La Merenda!
Don't forget to tell your followers about free cones at Ben & Jerry's today. Or are you trying to keep the line shorter? :)
Accident @ corner by house this afternoon. Jeep ran stop sign t-boned station wagon. Driver of Jeep taken by EMS. Family feet away, in yard
happy mommy day
okayy well schools out now so lets try again!
thanks ru bang bang
oh yeah it's sense #dumbinbredracistdaddyfuckedmeasshoe.u can't understand cuz ur head is so far up #newtgringrich ass
Looking for cute sun hats for boys and girls for the store. Anyone make them? Any suggestions? Prefer made in USA.
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe..you live with the choices you make in life bet your feeling real stupid now huh
yeah it was a last minute thing...my bad
Fox News asked their readers if newspaper endorsements affect their view of a political candidate. 71% answered, "No, I form my own opinion"
The Tigers take Game 5 and it's back to Arlington.
Sea Food...Shrimp...no freaking way! My food needs to moo, oink, or click!
At the Cornel West speaking engagement, enjoying an insightful fellow.
Goanna take a nao then drivers Ed later(:
Morning Folks! Lets get high off somethin!
Watching the Knicks and Hawks!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! I can't wait to meet that lil cutie!!
goodmorning(: why r u up so early?
Why do they talk so much at graduations?! Sheesh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Is so ready
what you doing for Halloween? How is the paranormal society going?
that was a "gloves on" analysis. Mine: Danica Patrick & Jillian Michaels can too!
take my spot at the top, and I aint looking back.
Wait, when did the Indians get Johnny Damon?!?
Oh another thing, quit acting like you can boss them around & tell them what to do. Don't think your name is mom or dad
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Ur an ignorant MORON. Leave the country. #WorldPeace? What a JOKE! Go
Lots of injuries and suspensions for Chelsea in that final. Spurs probably in good shape.
We'll be announcing the iPad2 & 1k Scholarship winners today! soon...
Surprise surprise - there's a show about Nazis on the History Channel.
#FF my new twitter page ima be usin that one from now on...
What else is going on in the MN GOP?
Let's say that one has been teaching a course at a law school for 10-years, but not a stitch of business has emerged. Time to pull the plug?
We totally have to take your picture with it! That is, use the camera to take the picture of you with the portal gun.
RT New house music at work. And some good tracks I'm dancing here
We're relaxing at Panera Bread in Delafield. Nice to have a little rest. Next run for us will be at 9pm.
why won't my kisses melt??
We are officially shooting our promotional trailer for One Hand Clapping 3/20 thru 3/22 in the Austin area.
Another fave MLK quote: "Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted."
I offer warm and creative coaching for any woman who needs an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a safe desert harbor of help and trust.
lol. I'd like to see some haikus of those.
"did you touch my drums?" "No" "why are you all sweaty?" "I was watching cops"...stepbrothers= the<3 of my life haha
Thank you to our nearly 700 followers on #Twitter, we appreciate your support, #JAM2012 events will be tweeted soon!
I have a lady-crush on her, and I only moderately like the show. I just don't think she's worthy of hate (the show, though, might be)
oh Alrighty then
lol that's what it seems like
Absolutely. Thanks for the follow back!
today was just not that great of a day... at all.
I knowww its awful. I even washed mine yesterday and its covered already!
The Darjeeling Limited is a really good movie. Self-referential, funny and visually striking.
I love my dog
My bro shows #DIAMONDLANEMUSICGROUP hella luv on his mixtapes and when he does shows
Lmfaoo RT : Niggas know I call my porsche the baby elephant yee ain't talking money then you got a speech impediment
I feel the earth move under my feet. I feel the sky crumbling down!
And just bcuz u have a mission doesn't mean u have a mkt RT : Just because u have a market doesn't mean u have a mission
Taye Diggs is gorgeous, but why does Private Practice have to address immigration with a Salvi mother & make El Salvador look hopeless? :/
Ever so grateful to not be waking up to the snow the weather people said we would be waking up to.
Faculty Follies rocked the campus! Fantastic way to start Spring Break!
BOOKED. #ATL is on my radar next week...can I bring you some Hermosa Beach sand?
My niece is trying to eat her clothes, lmao, she too cute
So what's up with all these fight videos on Facebook....my goodness, smh
Welcome To The BTW Ball Tour -- Good luck ! <3
thanks 4 follow
Distance to civilization is inversely proportional to smokiness and price.
starts at 8!
What's your biggest limitation to generating more content for your blog?
let me visit ya!
ANOTHER power outage in San Fran. Guessing it's cuz the hippies out there are trying to power the stadium with hamsters and world peace
I know! Last time I woke up at 6 and still didn't feel totally up to speed. 5:30 wake-up call tomorrow.
Damn I'm tired af I could knock out at any time
since people are scared to put their money up for this bracket pool, i'll make it for free. who wants in?
Small homes are not always best or efficient! Design your home to enhance your quality of life first!
However, have received scathing reviews criticizing lack of editing--except "errors" were really reviewer's ignorance.
Super good SweetBands shoot for the #Gay band today! Thanks to , , , & everyone else involved!
FOUR DAYS TILL PAYCHECK VIDEO!!! Woop!! :D
Happy birthday <3
I love that boy! I miss you ladies!
haha anytime! Did I miss anything in choir
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Z-man thought Martin was suspicious for drug purchasing, hot pursuit
I was pretty surprised
OMG seriously?
I miss my favorite show Saved By The Bell
exactly! And there you have the difference in being in the minority as oppose to sitting in a place of privilege
I need to think things through before speaking. Lol!
I like you .OKAY....i know it's stupid and i know you don't care
Two Bobby's in my neighborhood. The Queen would be pleased.
Is moving for the third time in less than a year... it's been fun. I think I'll stick with this one for awhile.
I haven't drank once this whole month.
some material presented at the legal issues panel at SMX Israel is not accurate.
Trucker picture request lines now open. Trucker picture scavinger (sp?) hunt now open. Top $ for lot lizards.
So #clutch way to come back and win Varsity. S/o to and others I missed
“: Oh so you go tanning? I know Oompa Loompa's prettier than you."” hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
Im a fucking Colombian drug mule nigga!
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
Those things happen when you play the worst team in football.
where u at
I just finished a 2.08 mi run with a pace of 9'01"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
At Denver airport about to get on my first flight of the day heading to Columbus.
that is awesome, sir. AWESOME!
Hey! Anyone know anything about the Brewers Point Apartments on Commerce Street? Scuzzy? Decent place to live?
How things can change overnight!
someone just tried to high five me and I shook his hand >.<
Yeah guess its just a rap thing lol. There were some for 50 in London and cardiff but they had gone : ( x
Octavia is a bitch!.
already comin strong with the travel minutia updates. See you in SB.
in Torrance Court this a.m. City Atty is mature female. Makes a big diff, means she is reasonable and see's the value of defense.
Last weekend there was a beer garden across the street from my building. This weekend? Food truck rally.
i need to get noticed by simonandmartina omfg god please bless me with just this :"C
did you see 1D yet?
what's goin on? Hit u when I was in PHL
feature a with me and the girls from #dragrace now that's hot
Baby Drew voice #Pussy pussy pussy bet you know what I'm talking about!
Special Olympics((:
I am going to throw up now.
Coral Springs Investment Property for $ 195,000 The current rent is $ 1495 per month
AWW I love it!!
Haha! We're getting there!
It's a butt-in-chair night. I'm set to write for a few hours.
Are you celebrating any upcoming events? Are you in charge of organizing a corporate event? Let us know and we can help you out! Just RT/DM
thank you for the follow Allie
thanks for the RT! It was great to see this #Agile team in action. Team feelings are often overlooked.
Can you email links or docs? I'd be keen to follow the whole project
u got the point...thats more imporant
Yeah I need to hit the Gym ASAP, then maybe I can be a guest star in one of your videos!! lol
Everyday! RT : Q1 #Foodiechats How often are you eating #Organic Food?
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
I swear things never work out for me.
looking forward to hosting, meeting & learning with you! it's going to be fun.
I'm not convinced it's worth distinguishing among personalization, differentiation, individualization (& customization) ...
I'm sure we will (once she is over the scary wolves part). BTW, I was kidding you didn't spoil it.
enjoy high school while it lasts #goesfasterthanyouthink little cousin
Makin moves...Nelly show and party next week, performance at La Margarita on the 23rd!
thats goes both way women with small hands it makes everything bigger on the women end lol
CAN U PICK UP UR PHONE MAAM?
now that shchool is over, i can FULLY focus on baseball (y)
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist who has STRONG content. send submissions to
Capt Tom Carpenter from SLDN here at rehaersal sharing info on the struggles of gays in the military.
I really enjoy running stairs in my house it gets me in good shape. Plus its safer. #NoStrayDogs lol
By the way, I'm listed as mostly alright on Klouchebag. :) sweet!
Goodnight people! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> good luck on the ACT tomorrow :) <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
excellent comparison RT : Josh Hamilton is this generations Mickey Mantle
Can we all just throw in and buy a place at the beach? Please?
Love my outfit today for some reason.
I Can't Wait To Find Out!!(:
Thank you!! Although I'm considering changing it to #CiteYoSources because it's less characters.
hey there - i won't be at the mtg but at our dc office if you're planning a visit.
that's about right. He may have also stopped by his ex-wife's house just to whip out his balls.
A women with no expression is a women that can't love!
no tv or internet at my house
I play better golf than picking holders!
let's do it haha
Last day of the month! Can't wait for Christmas, Chuck Chucks birthday, and New Years!
I love this time of year.
Congrats and welcome to the team - the new Tournament Manager for
With all my wonderful cousins, we got ice cream :D
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> good goin now i gotta walk around with this!
3 back-to-back interviews starting in a half hour. WISH ME LUCK, Y'ALL.
: We had our vow renewal ceremony there! It was LOVELY. You working with Katie?
Hope is always there to offer comfort, even in the toughest moments.
what kind of dog is that? it's adorable!
Lunch time = Pizza time.
Oh, Mr. Wonderful. He needs to be put in his place by someone, somewhere, somehow.
The right one will love all the things about you that the wrong one was intimidated by.
what was the consensus? Branding on Pinterest; yea or nay?
Yes! RT : Always thankful to be back in Chicago.
Woke up feeling blessed
thanks for RT'ing!
Just subscribe to MLB TV today and the Phils are blacked-out and not on Fox in Dallas!
Everything is Illuminated! Love weekends cuddling with a good book.
Scraping HTML/CSS together for a site. Opera, Chrome, Safari, FFox: coolio. IE: WTF? Do people still use that POS? I kinda miss Mosaic...
maybe it's a longshot, but I'm trying to get into synth design. And I have no idea where to look for information. Got any tips?
I should be seeing you more. Maybe it was just wishful thinking. Need more girls nights!
back at ya, awesome Monday
yes ma'am like at 9 though :(
Finally home !
Dear World, OMG. Love, Zach
“ God only allows ppl to close doors you were never meant to walk through.”
Going to the brunch this saturday with my meetup group (The Genuine Girlfriends of New York City) Hope to see you there!!!
Home after Cornerstone TV interviews today-good people. America for Jesus meeting earlier-Don't miss 9-28 & 9-29 in Philly-
I H.A.T.E homework/studying.
Hey kristina, we're a pretty wonderful marketing/digital agency in San Francisco. What are you looking for?
Time to get back into the swing of things... Feeling very positive and motivated after the conference! :)
Whoever comes up to the ring announcer at Saturday's show and says "I love Rocktagon" will receive a free beverage courtesy of the annoucer.
Man I have a huge headache ugh
get with rakes Willis Troutman. First baptist studio. 6:30.
YOU are the reason I have a middle finger.
...and you could have wispered that to me from the weather desk, you're that close! ;)
I missed the gym this morning. I will make it up during my two 15 minute breaks at work.
Thanks for the RT appreciate them
I'm not going to Disney so we can see the avengers tonight if you guys want
OMG. CANT WAIT UNTIL THEY ANNOUNCE THE WINNER o:
hows your hairless dog?
Quintilian~ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
Way too cute
you beat sonic yet.? I'm stuck.
i love your pet cow Mo
yay! RT Excited for some Yoga Sculpt tonight.
The island of misfit toys.
Vegan sweet potato rav sounds so good. =
Thank you for the #FF. You are on my follow list.
Absolutely. It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then.
How come a Critical Mass-sized pack of bike cops just rolled down Western Ave in unison?
No, but I still wouldn't play for the Knicks.
I am embarrassed just being in the same room with right now.
I wonder if the sticky notes were ransom...(;
That's it, I'm booking a goddamned vacation.
I live by the Omaha Mall .<3
pfft! Maybe that is what SoCal dudes wore in the 80s, where are the Airwalks, the baggy T, the long raggedy shorts? pffft!
Does that mean I have to stop listening to the hold music now? :) Thanks for the help!
Worried that my death trap of a car won't be starting tomorrow morning. She done good so far this winter but the fat lady may have sung.
Do you value people based on their "accomplishments" or do you value them simply because they are beloved by God?
Time waits fa no man nor woman....so im up n at 'em!!!!
#Imagine Guy: Hey you're really pretty. Austin: Back off! She belongs to me. <333 :$
#YouKnowYouRatched if mr. lam had something to say about your hair!
Cartoon Network is so inappropriate in so many different levels
My girlfriend got me addicted to skins!
Here I sit near retarded waiting for this thing to get started
That was a fake account before
Goodnight, friends. Hope we wake up tomorrow, seeing as the conservatives don't see our subculture as "the real world."
you guys need to put "So Far, So Good" on stream somewhere online so I can make others listen to it. It's a great song.
thanks for the RT!
I know thats a term that B Chilton uses when he's writing! Right B Chilton?
I guess players will only think like cheaters and use game to practice lies on those willing to believe them.
Jays and Indians sure do like playing baseball! Headed into extra innings again-- top of the 10th
Yess , Yes... Blocking me makes youu quitee the mann..... NOT.
re-send me email w/ terms pls + contact #. My email gets full hella fast
i hate you mewsh!
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
Big Ups 2 Thx For The Follow
how is Cesar's? It always seemed like such an odd combo to be any good
I really need to write a book on my life or some shit. If you people only knew
So excited to wake up and see that is following me! Thanks for the fun #50Shades party last night
All over the struggle bus this morning.
Dinner at Los Tios with
#12Days until Better Than Me :D
Lol RT when u see a girl that is old enough to look like a streetwalker in her cost she probably shouldn't b going
Hi, you can also email
If Jesus has to suffer for our sins, does he at least get the pleasure of the sin too? I'm asking you, religious folk.
well thank you for tht wonderful news-_-
The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate the feedback!
Emailed w/ about it RT : You should come to the book launch party on Monday!
really???? grrrr my phone is al the way downstairs :/
salute you, T.I.P Soulja Slim
It's about to be a sick summer !!
That's the purpose to be BOLD, STUPID & FUNNY
he is @ home chilling......how u doing?
RT : RT : My grandma is the best. If a girl meets my grandma,
hay gtg have to go to my BFS and then going to a party ttyl
SB Belair Rd in front of Perry Hall Elem School closed due to accident scene
Hey Rangers fans today is the the birthday of Nelson Ramon Cruz born July 1, 1980!!!!! Break out the BOOM Stick tonight!!! Let's go rangers!
RT Jim Tressel texted , wishing Urban Meyer well and asked him to take care of his players and coaches.
I love getting emails with tracking numbers!
Hey, anyone want to give me a job? I am spry and intellegent.
I'm not sure what you mean. DM me.
Come on, don't sue Nutella! Have you tried the stuff? Healthy or not, it is damn good....don't mess with my Nutella!
My thing is Unity, point blank. Conservatives, Liberals, everyone ultimately should be United in these United States.
im new volleyball coach
That was hilarious! Tho I was thinking a lil more old school Nintendo ;)
can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g. hiring and shipping...up and to the right!
Picketed NYU administration with #NYU4OWS, NYU Faculty vs. 2031, Greenwich Village Hist.l Soc., UAW and students--that's a coalition
RT : Q1) Manager and supervisors who own performance problems rather than pass them off on the training department.
not to mention E! makes Minnesota sound like it sucks. Boo!
What an amazing man and musician he was. Thanks for being at CMS today
Thnx--hope they keep their promise!
I did not get that spambot to follow you, FYI.
I need to shower, but I don't want to reapply the icey hot. What to do, what to do?
HILARIOUS, that's what I just ate
#thatawkwardmoment when you hear Summer of 69 playing, you think of another song....mmmh yeah. you know.
really? What time is it where you are?
I miss saying mark zuckerberg-esque things that I used to at my old job. "I'm the only one in this building capable of doing this work"
$3 bud/lt & coors drafts and $4 bud/lt & coors btls till 7pm at ! Then #RANGERS game 730! Come bounce with us!
Just saw your @ reply. Thanks for the compliment.
Listening in where...
Yesterday I fell inlove today feels like my Funeral
If you've used Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing & can explain process, please contact me at . Thanks!
twitter sorry i've been missing anyone watch the oscars?
And that was tweet number 1000
I wish i had some _______ right about now...
My family went out tonight and I couldn't go with them. I wish they'd get home now, I miss them.
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey. -Stephen Covey
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes, greatly appreciated
You are funny too!
#pacers win. now for #blackhawks to take the series by the horns
DOWNLOAD DEZ NUTS
Today in Milwaukee history. The win the #NBA Championship in Game 4 of the Finals. Milwaukee 118 - Baltimore 106.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicted already!" by Linda
LA Times writers revisit their '92 riots observations - LA Observed
Head over to our Facebook page to vote for this week's Beach body Blast winner!!
on the way to society nightlife downtown for comedy show 9-11 and edm till 2 then talk to me about the after party 18 and up
RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ...
just got in from aahm meeting. Not tonight! Jazzanova concert!
Boom! Yes, Seamus shouldn't distract from the real issues! RT : Agreed...I think history of...
Multiple page resume's are mostly seen in professions in science dealing with publications
FWIW, I always have the up-to-date WP. And did.
. "sending out a tweet with a typo." = typocasting
I hope we finish watching Up in spanish tomorrow
LOL Not bad. Just long. Personally and professionally.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate living with my parent is a buzz kill, we'll have to go back to your place
Yeah, but NHL PLAYOFFS ROUND 2 on big new TV! Still unclear? :-)
are you guys open today?
Wikipedians in residence. Interesting.
Tiger gonna win this weekend?
Thanks for recent link-love to the blog. Hope you found it interesting/helpful!
Hmm... I only recognize "Killing in the Name". It's a shame that won't have pro guitar.
My favorite movie is on!!!! Pirates of the Carribean On Stranger Tides!!!!!
Hey Pepboys, Mike Grutter from store #0090 in Woodbridge is so helpful! Please let him know we said thanks again!!
Don't judge a good day by the happiness you take from it. Judge it by the happiness you bring into it.
lol. i bet you do!
invest in holograms?!
The gift wrapped that game. WTF.
I be that pretty motherf_____
What does embodiment tell us about blackness?
always seems to be a #TT people and their crazy obsessions. Trend something like
Not enough hours in the day.
So psyched after going to my #writing group today! Feel like I can totally do this!
yea a pint of him sounds like a 70's porno
Liberals hate Christians but love muslims, which means that people would rather be executed than made to feel guilty for their sin.
OMG! LOVE THE REVIEW!!!!
Congrats! Also, looks like there's no direct Chinese translation for "DJ."
it will be though :3 in like.... 10months LOL
ugh! The muse invited her cousin Reality to screw up my plans! Just settling in for an attempt at an #amwriting goal of 1K.
I'm starting to see more ppl shifting towards the drugs I see and becoming accepting of it .. I like it
I told you to be patient. I told you to be fine. And I told you to be balanced. And I told you to be kind.
ah! Im excited for the didnt mean it music video! #WeWantDidntMeanItMusicVideo!!! :)
OMG D: legit?
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful mothers, grandmothers and great grandmothers put there!
Can't seem to go to sleep
Am I ever going to get a break from this constant downward spiral?
What should I do? Tell him straight up I like him or what?
How can we help you? Do you need your social media managed? Laptop screen fixed? Computer running slow? Antivirus needed? 775-636-8378 ^jl
Mid 30's when you wake up w/increasing clouds throughout the morning. Rain chances will also be on the increase throughout the day. Hi 60.
I wish you would remember that when you insult me, you're not telling me anything I haven't already told myself a hundred times.
Finally off work
Just listening now - thanks!
Crazy I woke up with him on my mind!
To excited for dance moms miami they look too fierce.
where's it at and when?
Fluency (both spoken and written) in French is required
Create your own #swag set your own #trend be a leader
lets have a girls night. wine and movies? :)
Thought takes man out of servitude into freedom.
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
iv been chilling i only go out like once a month where you be going out let me know
thanks man..which song?
I absolutely HATE dramatic people
Wish me luck
I agree there are issues with govt-funded higher ed in the US; offer a counterproposal?
- Don't forget the sunscreen.
If we want people to speak to us honestly, we must take responsibility to honestly listen.
where is that from? At first glance it looks like it has too much cocoa...so it's probably not even worth it
for a guy his size, that blog title could mean lot's of things...lol
I just ignore 2 calls
#incaseyoudidntknow there is not a damn thing to watch on T.V right now
Had a fun weekend, life is moving fast and its not a bad thing
me to! I'm serious, it's a must.
Any of my Milwaukee friends golfers? Looking to get out for a few rounds or join a league. Might be too late for leagues.
Got some killer designs done the past couple days! Loving it
okay me too thanks anyway
The biggest jerk of them all is the Knee-Jerk, a person who react to situations hastily (usually in poor taste) with little regard.
The LA Kings....wow. 8-1 in the post season. Amazing forwards, but this is all a credit to Quick. Incredible.
Happy New Year! I want to thank all of your patronage over the last year, and we look forward to making it a great 2012!
Iyad Sawas, welcome to the team. We are looking forward to having your team on board.
you know it!
NOTE TO SELF: Do not study lines with day care kids nearby... My name is now part of every other sentence I need to say...
Studio this weekend im getting better and better cant wait til yall hear wait I been working on
#FF The greatest, freshest mexican food in Pittsburgh. Homemade ice cream too!!
where are you interning?
Ha, sounds good!
yes i am able to connect to espn and twitter
The admiral took hold of Mark's left hand and kissed his forehead.His baby-face good looks that he had inherited from his mother was intact.
thanks again!! Spread the word for us :)
Today, it's the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
I wanna see melendez vs josh 3 I'm a huge fan of both! But josh showed the. First time what he can do when he's healthy!
be safe brother
Interesting throughline relating to the disruption of the black/queer/beautiful image in HR roundtable.
Im surprised , I havnt tweeted all day ^.^ !!
good morning lol
Found a puppy last night and returned it to its owner
Enjoyed hanging out. We should def hang again this summer.Take care
hope you had a safe trip :)
what's wrong best friend?
Wish they'd re-cover #SUGrad08 For me there are some large blank areas RT We'll be back in the morning with coverage of
Hey! Just doing fun homework!
Bet ya didnt hear me that time
Up and at em
I bet you wish your nose was a dick so you could fuck butts.
Read something about aura. Interesting theme.
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement."
#bestbreakupexcuses beastiality is not my things...
And i love you , i love you , i love you like never before <U+2665>
Not in theory, but in practice. The candidate who wins the most popular votes in the State wins all the Electoral votes, USUALLY.
Thanks. I really appreciate it.
I have to stay up 'til midnight to get an Etsy showcase. :/ Hopefully I can click quick and get a bracelet and earring spot!
good to see max b trending
STEM to STEAM - I hope they'll find a compelling argument for including art education w/ science, tech, engineering, & math
miss u <3
Sometimes, your knight in shining armor, is just a retard in tin foil
Big game Saturday! Ball hard, get a win!
wanna make me happy? watch Gaga videos with me.
Classic Wednesday's @ One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy Hour @ your premier downtown spot. DJ MIke T spinning Hip Hop, R&B and Top 40 9-close!
Congratulations to Steve Bartkowski of Buchser HS (CA) on making College Football Hall of Fame
you should really check out spreecast as an alternative social video platform.
ah for sugery goodness - and here I am stuck on no carbs-no sugars ... = #HRCupcakes torchure
Don't worry. BC Football is on track for success this year.
Talent is in our corner check out our featured artists
Best prank ever! Hate you!!! Lol
Great #HotTopics meeting with site coordinators and staff at KC Urban Youth Center! Looking forward to the next one in May!
James Herbert Augustine I
God bless all the brave souls of the men and women of 9/11. You're in the hearts and prayers of every American out there.
Some people just don't know when to quit.
RT : Did you know Mi Casa Su Casa in Reading, PA serves breakfast? Well they do - and it's good - and on the Corridor. Caliente
Ha! You'd be surprised... :)
US Airways Makes Push for Potential Merger - Wall Street Journal
Shipleys and Boy meets world
I just want a job for the summer.
Just drove past what looked like a dug-up casket resting on a trailer behind a parked pickup outside of an appartment complex. Weird stuff.
Omg I'm up so early! Last night was fun now it's time to worship god!
I'm reading 's #RecordCollecting4Girls and I'm loving loving loving it!
you guessed right! I listen and play music. I am also involved with personal streaming radio Soundtracker.fm.
Take a picture with the other Big Ben from across the pond
Too little, to late.
Library is closed on Sunday, May 15th, but good luck to all of our UB graduates!
I think there's probably about half a dozen overused phrases that have the meaning beaten out of them over there
Then I started liking this new Dominican boy, & we were in love. I will marry that boy..I really will.
Game 1 Eastern Final(NBCSN) Rangers and the Devils Lets go NY!!!
Being able to relax & enjoy the sites of WA state I hadn't been able to see before.
id love for to follow me, i voted all day so far!!
#SignsYouLostAFight you limping backing to your car to get your gun.
"Spacetime tells matter how to move; matter tells spacetime how to curve."
The team from General Dynamics is here setting up for their Special Hiring Event here at the #ClearedJobFair #security clearance
Don't just tell your mate you love them. Tell them WHY. Adding "because" at the end of "I love you" creates intimacy.
did that earlier....
Been there, done that! Are we saps or just plain caring? Maybe it IS hormones!
I Love Food.
ha just providing moral support brother!
I weighed in and lost 4.0 lbs.
guess who's playing in LA next weekend? (hint: the initials are YTG)....
Guess tonight is Beyonce and Rihanna night!!! * dougies*
Leave alone the voodoo.
Lol no! You get to see them in person :)
CC faculty happy hour at Shiloh.
We need to use them LOL Iginla is my favorite NHL player but I hope he gets traded to a Stanley Cup team so he can win! :]
1 0 for lead generating content! ;)
Dude bruh, Phoenix, you are the douche-E-ist/buff-ist town i've ever experienced.
Why does Maddiy have to be the cutest thing in existence right now
Try using the OMNI-MEETING wifi.
capitalism stole my virginity
Some of the best and brightest teams gathered at to solve #childobesity in America.
The only time Rihanna left my house late was when I called her and said "Rihanna, come over and leave so I can tweet about it. Thanks yo"
I am so jealous right now...cupcake heaven!
who cares what people think?
can't wait, it will be a blast!
It is better to be the child of God than king of the whole world. -- St. Aloysius Gonzaga
morning from Chicago, had beautiful 80 degrees yesterday, today it will be in the 60's. Oh well, as long as it's above 50 we're good 2 go!
well hello there fish...
RT : Best #airportfood ever! French Meadow Bakery. Organic beet Gorgonzola salad & tomato basil soup. Go MSP airport!
ALRITE I C ITS EVERY MAN 4 HIMSELF
LOL they are at any gas station that doesn't have a walk in store. they are cold
Where did find a pay phone ? Come on buddy, its 2012.
It's a beautiful day in Seattle! Wish I was at home playing outside with my little one!
do it!!! Wish I would still be there though...
had to chuckle when I saw your twitter name. Was just trying out a Martin at Guitar Center and asked if they had a sign.
There are three objectives of Chocolate Cake Day: To bake a chocolate cake. To decorate a chocolate cake. And, to eat a chocolate cake.
I do I thought you were asking me
Way too much going on yet i have time to let twitter know
followed sorry it took so long.-anna
I wish they'd quit lying to these ugly hoes, tellin' 'em they're cute, when they look like shit.
all are sound reasons
I advise you not to trust that hoe.
Just got accepted to ... So very excited!
Red robin in washington:) dust and car @ jerimiahs for prom. They looked soo cute!!
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!.... Happy Birthday, Jesus!<3
Either I'm missing something, or the Visually infographic tools are limited to Facebook and Twitter tools...right?
Apple Store: you have done good by me. I want to kiss you all RIGHT ON THE LIPS
Just keep it close Clippers.
Things like that would happen to me.
Happy Early Birthday!
you and your dog are so cute.!
You're one in a million once in a lifetime. You made me discover why there's stars above us.
Go figure ... more PR's tonight!
I don't know what I want, so don't ask me.
listening to music, hbu?(:
When you dream about work perhaps that is a sign that you are working too much. When will this month end!
did you get it?
he like but
Ha ha. No worries. Thanks!
Don't want to go to work today feeling lazy O_o
I signed up for the LA event thru Moffatt but not receipt, confirmation...can I please have that? Very stoked.
you too beautiful!
This head cold is really killing my spirit ! Siigh
Reading nyt review of Nicole krauss' book great house..."fulgurating pain". Sharp piercing pain. Noted.
being creative is a gift. A gift that if you ignore may alter your course of happiness. Be BRAVE.
Turtles ;D
At last you're listening to real music!
I'd love to tell you don't do it. But I know you are a fan. Pressed shaped meat with flavored ink grill marks is just weird.
Should you see a whole thing it appears that it is always gorgeous.
thanks! Please tell all your friends about us!!
TAP trying to provide alternative to "all homegrown" vs "all proprietary" in mobile content management
Drake was a guide to my life
I think the hero of today's story is going to be the sinus infection that is in residence in my head.
The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence.
Truth is we mess up till we get it right... I don't wanna end up.. Loosing ma' soul... (8)' - I love you.. <3
My 3 year old son yawns and says "I think my mouth did something sleepy"
im azz naked .. i dnt wanna move !!
No more AA concerts for me.REASONS:1.they attract scary ass young alien lookin scene kids and 2.they cry when they get pushed into mosh pits
Thanks for the kind description of my students' work.
Good morning Twitter fam! Everyone have a good day :)
happy Birthday Kendall.
today has been the first day i finally rested since the cruise!
Time for a run!!
Brr cold! And 60 next week??? Crazy
did i take nyquil instead of dayquil or am i just this drowsy..what is wrong with me today.
Took 18 hour flight from LA to Bangkok with 18 month old across the aisle from me. She was nearly flawless--only one little whine
Text me
Watching "Social Network" and this is funny. RT“: Sorry Zuck, I had to do it eventually. (Actually made me do it.)”
Happy Friday!! :)
that is a pretty devastating title.
For real RT : In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less.
If You Had The Best Sex Last Night...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events -_-
We need to make more. RT : Highlight of my day: Boomer Sooner's daughter asking if she could wear my shirt
Absolutely awesome morning.
RT : Sensible and well-crafted Right of way mgmt is essential role of govt as broadband infrastructure expands
Sadly. The vagina doesn't have a "clear history" button .
Can't wait to hang out with the coolest girls in town!! Nap Town Roller Girls!
Please say to me you'd let me be you man and please say to me you'd let me hold your hand <3
i like can't breathe i can't get over this what the fuck why
Spaniards are the shit.
Things are going to work out. Things are going to get better. I can feel it.
haha... love your tweet girlfran! YES!
RT : One cannot lead w/out respect nor can one succeed w/out change.
Eight days a week!
It should be renamed to: "this is going on my Facebook wall."
Spitfires are at the Boston Seafood Show working with 15/20 of the top North American food retailers on
Follow Back <U+2764>
What a pleasant surprise at the car dealer yesterday. The total bill for services rendered? $5.26!
Steven Jackson causing problems??On the show, back in December,I set the over/under of a clash with Skiles of The Super Bowl.
So I'm also realizing that we can only lend a few books such as the classics. I do have a few of those, though.
We #would like to #take this #time and wish all Mothers! Happy Mothers Day
Sorry you got attacked by this douchebag!
taking pups on their nightly run thru #missionhills. hopefully won't see guy who almost ran over me last night. bastard.
omg WHEN DOES YOUR ALBUM COME OUT IM WAITING??? <3 XOXO
#GetAfterIt in the parking lot kid
Has it really come to this?
me either kinshollo, me either.
We have Donna Wilkinson, VP of HR for the , on hand to answer your questions. Tweet at us with #big10expo!
#NP Sam Is Dead -
I don't love it at all :)
Hammock time!
thrashers vs preadotors- we must win, regualr season for NHL starts next week, we gotta step up
Thanks for the RT!
RT I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting..
Great game tonight. Hope your Steelers dominate another NY team Sunday!
Dear geniuses, please create and market Star Trek's replicators so that I can have cupcakes whenever I want. [signed] Ivanna Treat
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
MT : Listening to #NPR talk on interracial marriage. In 1990 only 48% of ppl thought it was acceptable, today 83% <
Alright so mom and I are in Pennsylvania. Only 12 more hrs to go -_-
And can we get this 2nd game started already? Please...
Debra Martin Chase is the BOMB! Just heard her speak, about her story and the Entertainment business. Wow! Very inspiring!!
Met the daughter of Gertrude Perkins, who was raped by 2 white police officers in 1949 in Montgomery, AL. She is trying to get state apology
very cool. Thanks for the heads up.
Handy man for a day.
Something amazing is happening today in the world of #Dance #Chicago- do you know what it is?
Thanks for the mention and follow on this Friday: , , and &
Looks like our Twitter account was hacked...sorry if you got a weird, direct message from us.
Finished a song tonight.
Speaker thinks anti-kickback laws are anti-capitalist. Huh.... O_o
Ha, nope, just saw your screen cap. Still, I'm doubtful that it'd work on me; I've done my Limbaugh time!
Don't u hate when ex's say all this stuff about a relationship that she WASN'T doin? Like ... STFU
Birds chirping. Time to sleep.
Thank you for the kind RTs & MTs - appreciated!
Good. “: Yemeni officials say top al-Qaida militant killed in airstrike in the south - ”
Thank you as well for the new friendship and the never-ending laughter!!
What do I have to do or say to get a follow back from you?
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP]
Thanks for the follow KD!
#DearTaylorSwift we are all tired of your love songs make something different!!
Hm LA I love you man
Well, i have decided to stay on part time, with my other job. Now i'll have two jobs, but i guess that is the thing these days.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>big nose swagg
where do you hate being at lol?
still East village, definite upgrade from where I'm at now though.
Yes I did!
Sales Leadership Summit in Dallas - sales mgrs bringing up their "tough" issues...good discussions, solutions offered
I love u so much u cant even imagine!!!;)<3I wish u would notice mefollow me whatever but i know theres alot fans
Simply pouring boiling water or hot soapy water down a blocked drain can help loosen a clog to ensure no flooding will occur.
Sweet dreaming'. <3
The Portland Trail Blazers are hosting Orlando Magic today at the Rose Garden at 7:00 pm. Get your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
Seriously Chicago? Rush hour traffic at 6am?
and by cheap you mean free? ;-)
Its a few more days until #ff but this guy has some great things to say about #credit repair that can be applied today. -->
beyond stoked that you're now on twitter. We'll be hash tagging like a mofo!
Now hiring for the fall! We can't believe summer is almost over!
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
This soda >>
Wide awake, so let me do some reading so I can get sleepy
text me
lol ....how was your weekend
Your generosity is much appreciated. lol.
How about those Lakers though
More like iSuck
Today is one of those days that you want to CMD+C and CMD+V
Perfect day to jam some Transit.
I'd put my money on the polr bear. They eat navy seals right. Grizzly bears just steal picinic baskets.
And Aiden Grimshaw's "Is This Love". RT : Need a mash-up of Will. i. am's "This Is Love" and Bob Marley's "Is This Love."
Scott signs $70 billion budget, vetoes $142.7 million
#nowplaying - Now or Never - The Roots, Phonte, Dice Raw
if your five hours away from it, is it really going to be a day off? More like half day. ;)
Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka - Times-Standard
bosh wade is not leaving the team
hahaha uhh not sure if serious ...
Burning bridges, make sure that they are no one is standing. And not waiting for you.
I must be getting old because the Skipper looks young! #sherwoodschwartz #gilligan'sisland #BradyBunch on tonight!
I'd castrate myself instantly. No hesitation.
I have the honor & privilege of introducing Dr. Sonia Nieto, #educator & author of WHY WE TEACH on Monday, Apr. 23, 4-6pm.
I see you've already been introduced to our fans! haha. Let me know if you need anything, happy to help. Excited for next week.
part time. I don't work everyday during the show
7th: Ride w/Me by - rewarding drivers and passengers for sharing rides
Thanks Lo u da best
happy birthday!! Best wishes! ;)
Ok. Just because I am 50 does not mean the only colors I want to look at are black, gray & navy.
Definitely! RT : Can't wait to get my LAMILL fix! See you soon! Rt: : Happy Monday! Remember:All work and no...
Hey everyone, make sure you hook up with this winter. Mikey B is the man and has the best Denim pants on the planet.
why when i just said bye to you on the phone I was wavin.lmao :)
Can't wait to watch "Cook it Raw" episode tonight!
look who's sitting behind me..
Nas, Diddy and Russell Simmons' Child Support Payments Are Revisited
thanks babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Have distinct poetry-writing headache & yet have written no poem.
No power = time for
You are very welcome!
Thanks, Dolche! I can't wait until I finally get to meet you :]
I want to be so i've never go to school with classmates.. =$
cont.> - it's fun, full of great booths & an awesome way to network! Check us out in the WEST Pavilion!
Put it on her shoulder so she can put it on her mind later on...
I have 2 big events Monday in NYC--one on reporting the war at Powerhouse Arena and one on peaceful aging at the Shambhala Ctr. DM for info
I can never listen to Adele without thinking about
lmao yeah i heard! I'm jealous aha
Cannot get out of bed so I guess i will just have to watch The Lion King for the night...
Don't let that guy get to you,WHEN your show gets picked up,you'll have the last laugh!
RT : Loved ref w/ a kid who said he didn't like reading...now walked out with 3 books. #libraries ftw! // We r all in sales.
why can't I text you?? ):
RT Just found out I'll be interviewing star John Shurna on tonight!
I'm real scared to wash my car. There might suddenly be rain showers in the forecast .......
Even the most biased NY fan has to admit that 14 threes and 66.7% in one half is a fluke.
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
why do my legs look so short?
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
is Legendary <U+2665>
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
you almost scared me there for a second
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
I LOVE LIFE<3
Thank you so much for the love!
I'll make you glad you came
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
#Heat targeting
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
that's great news!
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
his union contract is very good. He's a supporter of
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
still gonna see it anyway!
2 all r friends in Nashville...buckle up buttercups...it's the #CMA's Fan Fair Week!! Best music fans in the world!!
Android 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates. If you're into things like two-factor security. Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
lmao breakfast in bath
Does anyone know when Season 4 of #TVD start? I Know the finale was like 15 min. ago but I NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS! lol
I love hearing the stories guys say about girls getting wasted and how fucking disgusting they get. Im not sure if I'll ever get drunk again
Now plotting house exchange with new French pal, , courtesy of midnight wistful tweeting.
Promising book; then saw authors using only NYC, Philadelphia and Boston as representative of "key patterns" in urban form; no thanks
Until Jesus comes back you have to fast and pray because temptation is everywhere.
Getting ready for a big day tomorrow!
RT : MT Just b/c I have little kids doesn't mean I do less work than someone who doesn't. << CLAPPING
Smoken on that top notch crop from my homeboy.
no its not (;
Up all day up all night can't fall asleep
it's going to be a long weekend.. I barely made it through that game! LOL!
Yes! I live in Oxford so only about 2 hours by car! I really hope we get the concert!:')) xox
stupid drunk ladies
Man i swear everyone should be like that tho
batteries for radios?
Two-minute countdown to #journchat. Learned it's the first industry chat on twitter, with 7 k participants to date.
Thank you to all our friends, supporters, and customers for making us the hottest after hours spot in the city!!! Tables/Parties RT/DM
check in 15 times in 30 days to office/corp venue ( works w/ past check ins)
will this account remain dormant at two tweets like the last one?
Plus 1. RT : This crew is fantastic at refereeing by committee. By fantastic, I mean SUCK.
The web site is coming soon :)
If you're having a bad day, my advice is: eat nutella.
can't wait! We have a show may 18th with kill paradise!
The only colors I ever see are on canvas
Who is the scariest musician ever?
I'm glad I shaved my head. If I had my hair trying to play football, oh god...
Accused killer-kidnapper: I'm not a monster - Houston Chronicle (blog)
is checking my work emails before I get ready to go to work...how lame!!
“: Why do people with braces smile the hardest and show the most teeth?” sorry...
: I bet Indiana Jones is terrified of you!
Nolan Reimold may be the best player nobody knows, and nobody cares about.
when are you going to panama?
How today was: F.U.N (;
no vote for Kopitar!
Hats off to BAMA, as much as it pains us to say it, they beat us up and down. #LSU fans forever though!
I wonder what it is ab the flat billed hat wearer that makes me think they're the special ones that rode the short bus. Extraordinary.
2012 has been a lot of waiting so far.
I agree. They should give some coaches more time to let their plan develop. Plans don't develop overnight and it's only fair
MIAMI HEAT 11-4 LET'S GO
Glad to hear it arrived :)
RT : I just can't read any more analyses of the politics of the last four years in which the filibuster isn't central.
#ATSU Blackboard is back up.
.lets work
Love the transit system in the DMV!!
Dear Ladies #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Got my journalism and electronic media major acceptance letter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who knew an EIGHT & UNDER game could be so intense
headed to #Chicago and have a free day on Friday. Anything to do/see? How about a salon for a good haircut?
The restaurant of live, and I've chosen the tasting menu.
This #PTFC # #Crew96 game is brutal
Severe lack of dancing amid this great mix!!
RETWEET!! IF YOU SEXY & YOU KNOW YOU ARE
english class = biggest joke
I should've had my OJ this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> .
Houston: prepare yourself, I'm about to be inside of you for the rest of the year.
an elephant never forgets. There's a good possibility I'll be drinking my way through Burlington sometime in the next six months.
Good morning. Praying u have a very blessed wkend ahead! :)
I hate when websites have a blank "Contact Us" page. That's a quick way to get on my sucks-a-lot list.
Funny, after listening to Chris Hedges, it was followed by & I wondered what a debate between them two would be like.
wow my last RT is a must read for everyone
Getting leading marketing execs together for a #uwebc roundtable. Great event for leaders in the area.
check your Facebook boss
Adore the new designs by at #HPMkt. So fabulous. Even style spotted by the fabulous Woohoo!
Look at all the breccia volcanic rock.
I always get lots of brilliant ideas while meandering the aisles of
im so tired
and how many child suicide bombers have they caught? TSA + perverts
Damn did long john silver have to go fishing for my food
#thevoice he's not ready!
Totally just got the heebie jeebies from that
Calm down I'm planning to come out to Tampa the 12-15 Sept. Please ink me in. &%$# lol can't wait.
Everything .. even music!
i needed a fashion fix this morning. stay tuned for more
Turiaff Fuckin Trash..Ill Bus His Ass Doe
hahah everything made about them is beautiful
Oh California, how I've missed you so!
Bleach is the best anime I`ve ever seen!!
Just found more fodder for writing blog posts. I guess I need to get to writing.
« Breathe, Stretch, Shake .. Let it go ..»
Interested in talking to you about meeting w/Holder for L.A. Times drop me a line if you can talk
I just saw the cutest set a of twins...*sighs* One Day....<U+263A>
wouldn't it be epic? Theyre my 2 favorite artists right now!!! Plus Hannah and Zach would sound AHMAZING together :P
Great success in creating a new interactive drama approach for our latest production. Will launch in Jan.
Fr some reason I still can't DM u back. I'm on AM1160 M-F, 3to5p. Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson.
right now im lonely...but at least i have my music :D
Had a great band practice last night... gearin up to drop some great tunes at SummerDance next weekend. But for now...enjoying the day off!
Hey , not sure why i got unfollowed...I haven't been on here alot lately
Me too “ I want some wings b ..”
bottom line IU does not deserve a home & home with UK. NOT ELITE !
Fab- Wolves In Sheep Clothing.
Spent the evening with the one and only Thanks for the cupcake! Always a pleasure!
I hope gas doesn't kill Obama like it killed Carter.
marry christmas jason. do you have to work on jesus's birthday?
"Why? The answer is simple: Music is a cultural artifact, and the culture has moved on."
You guys are amazing and cute... ;)
My college, Elon Unviersity, had one called E-squared that was quite similar to Facebook. It wasn't very active.
Warcraft Gold Blueprint free consultation
Hope the reboot includes CAT MOM HUGS KITTEN No1 by &
Oops; wrong Jamie king handle on previous tweet
Follow our lovely script supervisor
pics or it didn't happen
Aight the dancers are bad do you agree ?
Looking for my lightsaber someone needs a good a$$ kicking!!!!!
Making this test my bitch<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>RT : Still up studying at 5am. 5 Alarms going off in 2 hours...
Your welcome.(:
Thats the only way to be..... RESPECT DMV Merciless Umbrella
That moment when ur not sure if the text you sent was a little to much
are you and robert in town? cant wait for you to see Wednesday's Child!
Can't wait for my show in May 11th!!
completely agree.must have a starting point.
shut it! And we are winning still....
hmu when you get home
I did fool
Dream the impossible drink.
I know I haven't said this in a long time but I really, really, really want to be Helen Mirren when I grow up.
Tough one for many. I break too long of posts into mini-series if it can be done.
Special prosecutor in Trayvon Martin case announcing a 5pm (Central Time) news conference.
I think UK should get a bye to the NBA finals. They might have to play a tough game then.
do your thing tonight!
I'm there, but I don't use it, and I don't get the sense I'm missing much.
I was taught "if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all". Some people make that statement hard to live by...
Really.? How Does It Taste Like.?(:
: RT : That awkward moment when you look over at the car next to you, and Vicky boo owns
I wonder if they make kids books on the subject? Kinda like Sheen and Cruise prior to losing their ever loving minds.
Someone told me to go to NC cuz they got pretty girls. I said ok they got pretty but they covered with dat AIDS i wanna live im good.
Attention, Anomalites! "Baudelaire's Hand" by Russell Edwards is now available, and copies are going fast. Order yours before it's too late.
Tell us where you live? “: I want to try your vodka!”
I have a small home and a dog but if your group is 2 I can put you up here or get you a discount rate @ hotel let me know #?
Hahha- Vanilla Bean ice-cream and Orange Crush! But I'm now onto alcoholic creations. That was delish though!
We will never be empowered to change or develop into a spiritual mature person unless we are willing to hear, embrace, and apply the truth.
come back to the office today to find a lot of my stuff broken. thanks coworkers! (or should i say, my staff)
Which team will win the #Celtics-#76ers Eastern Conference semifinal?
anxiety attacks scare me....a lot actually..
I don't want to watch the game. I don't have faith in my heat tonight, I'll be real.
On the bus and this girl is wearing 2 different color Hunter boots. Is this a thing now?
I was and I am
Congratulations ! I would take a math class from you any day
Yeah! but for some reason he hasnt rtd me today -_-
Well, in spring I always think of the Joyce Kilmer rest stop...
TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOU ON THAT ONE!!!
That's a wrap for Supremacy. On to some fun and the next adventure.
And in typical brewers fashion, 2 runs in the first inning followed by no hits the rest of the game.
Hope everyone one is planning on coming out to this Saturday. Line dance lessons start at 6pm and last until 8pm!!!
yup its all good what you been on
Was nice meeting you the other night at Danny's Lounge, I'm sure we'll cross paths again but see you around.
I can still recall my one bully thing: We pulled the kleenex out of our friend's bra next 2 the boys playground in 5th grade
Q1 A: that a hard one both are great but I guess the ultrabook :-)
foreal right lol how old are u?
Today's Lunch Feature: Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork Melt w/ smoked cheddar Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
Save yourself, hey...Before self destruct
he is. He should ignore the haters
Waylon Thanks for following!
My neighbor told me today that she liked my deck. I would have complemented her deck but she doesn't have one.
And you also passed GO! #Collect$200 #BeautyContestNext?
APD looking for missing couple from Colorado. Not that we can actually do anything to find them, but saying that we are makes us look good.
One of my former players texted me after his first two college practices... Means alot
what are the chances of filming an episode of #Mobbed in #Tampa, Florida?
Next time you're at Paul Michael's The Network be sure to check in on Foursquare. We've got a special running all month!
Of course, it could also be gas. :P
such an awesome time-you all inspire me!
My lil brother went into the girls restroom and saved my life though :")
Oh, it won't be too long. RT : I meant for RT I'm still local. Waiting for my big break.
RT RT : "I'm learning to code" is the new "I'm working on a novel"
I love coming home from school and being completely lazy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
“In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” Abraham Lincoln
Happy Mother's Day to the best mother I could ever ask for! Thanks for being there for me when no one else was. Love you so much. <3
My son lucked up and got two parties thanks to the pool being closed 2days b4 the party... Now this party is for the ones who didnt make it
PLAN: Go to school looking like shit tomorrow. and show up to prom looking AHH mazing
Enjoy this book... The Healing Power of Sound, M.L. Gaynor, MD. We are build for sound as we are built to sing... oh, that's mine.
I need to change my picture.
miniature art by famed S.A. Noory www.zanbeelart.com
I concur.
Mckenna: If your audience already is up to date about your issue, it's a challenge to avoid trying to please them.
Wish I was there! RT : Real Phonic Radio Hour at the JJ Hill Library. Show up and years from now you'll say "I was there."
Thanks! Hope you have so much fun 2!
RT “: t plus/minus 7 months. as long as I complete that "brutal class" :)” right on!
Looks like the guys are on breeeaaak. Am I right??
saw that dude running down the street on those things. He almost ate shit haha
Brewers GM Doug Melvin says team will deal with injuries internally. Admits he talked with Derrek Lee but says that won't happen.
If I'm walking faster than you're running, you're not running.
based on ur tweet i think i got "disingenious" or whatever wrong today:P what's it mean??
Tonight at the Zinc Bar, w 4th St, Made on NY Fest 8pm lead by Sasha w Antoinette,Virginia Mahew 3/29/12 tonight.
Is it gettin' real in the parking lot?
If I feel like this tomorrow, i'm freakin going to school in a Sweatshirt, Pants and shoes. Ugh.
<U+E42B>Congratulations to Floyd Little on being inducted into the HOF!<U+E42B>
Time to start the dinner.
See, and they say nothing good comes out of twitter. Pffft.
You know it's cold in your office whe you find yourself clutching paper hot from the printer to warm your hands.
Nice choices! Too many great ones...not enough for one tweet lol. Highway 61 and Exile are up there for me too.
RT Tried a new craft beer this wknd from in Tpa. Remember that name, like that's possible, this 1 is a winner!
I need to listen to Price way more often
It's always weird to have arguments on Facebook where people Like button certain comments to make it feel a score is being kept.
Tweet of the Day! RT : Varitek: "The hardest thing to do is to walk away from your teammates." Um, 98 Degrees begs to differ.
I ate all my hi-chews, what do I do now?
Did they just say the thunder are going to win the NBA championship smdh!
It's crazy how people say Flacco is elite when he can't complete passes to his wide receivers.
There are 11 men in Chelsea jerseys on the field, but there is no Chelsea team just now.
the internet is a procrastinatory place
Acts so young, too.
Let me guess, you got up to pee and now you'er going back to bed?
Congrats on getting your spot on the #Bronx walk of fame on the grand Concourse,, you paid your dues
It's a cancer thing. I'm going to put the little girl in the copilot seat for the entire flight and let her lift the flaps.
I want a beat Prod. so bad!
Go write a novel.#gogata RT The University of Florida is the top-ranked college that was founded as a penal colony.
So is his batting approach
Smoke Cannabis - it's the real thing!
So, if you don't have Netflix and you don't want any of the 12 movies in Redbox...where do you rent a movie these days?
An Englishmans home is his castle.
random thought from last night's meetup on Mahout. It's not 1.0 yet as its algorithms have no standard input/output format
Cory (whathappwhoami) thanks for the follow.
Thanks! Same to you!
thx for the
FC: It would be great. .. They led NFL in sacks, couple double digit guys so it would be good thing to play for him.
Thanks, , for the RT!
Follow #TripleTuesday for quick, three-word nuggets of #career advice!
You have to look someone in the eye You have to know someone well What's more, much love would give him a picture of on twitter -,-
there was just a point in it that made me think of you.
cuz youre really nice and friendy. i love people like you.;)
The average asking price for industrial properties in the metro area was $35.77 per square foot for the month. This shows a drop of 5.3% ye…
PLEASE DONT MAKE PEOPLE NOT WATCH NEXT SEASON AMELIA...
good luck in surgery!!! hope you're able to surf again soon! <3
You're the best, my idol, my all, I love you <U+2665> Avril you are the best of my life, you and your voice (: <U+2665>
you have been guest-listed my dear :)
“:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again.” It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
Micah pointed 2 #Vikings cheerleaders & said, "Mom,that could be you!" Hug or smack him? 3fb
#DunkinDonuts going to try my first #big and toasty
Margaret Thatcher~ I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
#njinnovation. Call for more engineers. They are right. Jobs Council making same recommendations
pansy! and I drove!
isn't there a movie coming out about your stuffed animal and Mark Whalberg?
#WhyYoShoes talking to me? And dont try and duck tape it shut!! Get some new ones!!
literally? (if some1 on P was viewing through telescope they could c GWashington)? Or just in terms of the # of years?
I believe in second chances. I just don't believe everyone deserves them.
under 20hrs,at least here, because of the retirement fund avg over 20hrs then have to be in it
Thank you so much! Fun meeting you!
How was ur Mothers Day Mami?
Shiiit well then ima just have to drop it on you son!I will send you the official version once I get her all recorded and mixedG
RT : i need a boo thang to sleep w. ;)
": #IseenADudeTweet drake album is giving me EVERYTHING right now" (ha I'm crying right now!!!
just got out of class (/e.e)/
Are the HDR Course apps of use if I have your book?
ok facebook family- I'm curious.. what's in your cd player/iPod right now.....
I mean, you're kinda dating a nerdy guy so it only makes sense. <3
Mike's harder lemonade in happy flavors yeilds 8% inebriation.
Wow #Huskies. Just embarassing.
working on set designs and presentation graphics for
A city mourns. RT : Also, we are not being cancelled.
excuse me?!
I love u
FINISH HIM (It? That? Appendage?)
That's one of weirdest videos i've seen in a while. Thanks.
its about a job! And me and benny are bffs!
next time I see one on the side of the road, I'm bringing it to your surgeon for a fixer upper.
Just explained to new prospective home buyer how I guarantee my mortgage services with $1,500. My consumer protection plan! They LOVE it!
And enjoy all that cheesecake...I could use some cheesecake right about now!
yep, that one. We used to walk to Gardners for lunch, we have a new destination.
“Present and Account For” 1 Samuel 3:8-10; 19 You should have a sacred place set aside just for you and God alone.
Baby let me blow your mind tooooooniiiight...
i need it to be tuesdaay thoo! I WANT/NEED my iphone4 NOW!
a certain Anti-Hero turns 32 in less then a month! #humble and
eh it's only 7 pages
Penalty call on the Preds...Terry Crisp says "of course it is"...well said Crispy
On the way home from the Sarasota mall! I got an awesome new dress and a new sweat shirt at forever 21 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
RT plz have on your show. I dare you not to be moved to tears by both their humor & generousity.
if u unfollow me i want get mad this is #twitter lol.
I just tweeted James
Low key watching the rangers game at home with some sweet tea. Then it will be time to watch the Lakers lose.
going out yay
cool..wht's it about ?
I'm tryn go
If I conjure the imagined longue durée, only then is this Romney campaign is fascinating to watch. Otherwise, I'm terrified.
Simon Doonan gave an incredibly heartfelt and moving speech tonight at the FGI Night is Stars gala.
do you love it?
Today's my off day. :)
“It could have been the Jinn. Consider the possibility that the Jinn knew who or what you are to them even when you were a child."
Superbowl watching location: secured. A 24 hr sports bar in Saigon. Enjoy the game. Go #Steelers!
I agree. I loved Bad News so much I went right into Some Hope... but I think I'll shove another book between them now.
Ok Fort Myers and everyone @ First Assembly... Be ready... Im on my way!
#ATLANTA It's going down again this THURS 11/17 Come out to the Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic Mash-Up 7pm to 10pm. Be there.
yayy!! Tomorrow it will be exactly 1 month and 19 days till' my birthday!!!
Kevin Na is a great guy. Love to see Kuchar win this.
is my fav comedian cuz of how many times I have to remind myself while watchin him that they r just jokes. #he'sjustacomedianppl!
#nowplaying This Part Of Town by Widespread Panic. Wish Mikey was singin it though..... Lingering lead the king of noodling lives on 4ever!
it's been a hectic morning but it's slowing down now ! So it's good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thank you. It's good to know we have wise, encouraging friends when things get tough.
Really liking 's new profile page redesign
please please PLEASE! You wont regret it!
Getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us about your favorite holiday dish.
Oh my! Maybe it wasn't.
is more than Somebody That I Used To Know, but whenever I hear this song
Thanks for the follow ! How long until you offend me?
we leave for two minutes and you guys start doing the fun stuff
i know you aren't pat. just don't say that to girls, show them instead lol
So true: life changed for me Thur w/ a fellowship w/ ! RT Remember: life can change in a day. Stay positive!
Thumbs up, girl!
...any (biological &/or adopted) child of mines.
What's the point of a high school reunion? I have Facebook. I already know you got fat.
why no contacts? Oh come on now I'm sure ya look great!! :-)
So excited for this game! Let's get this championship and put our dancing shoes on !
I woke up to a lot of good morning text today :-)
#AGirlDeserves that one guy that'll treat her like queen, and not just say he will...
Now is this old coal or the new clean coal because I honestly haven't researched coal too much... we're about the corn here lol
I love living next door to a movie theatre. Watching The Avengers in my pjs.
hmm....im pretty tired :/ i want...some juice...today was pretty...bad....ah....Talk to me :DD
The sky is getting quite dark, but it isn't night yet. I believe we are in for a large thunderstorm.
So happy for you :)
he's perfect <U+263A>
NUN..JUST WAiTiN FOR QUE TO COME HOME...
Calc and bio finals in the next two days
Pineapple salsa is too good
Have fun Sinitta! RT : Can't believe it-filming out of town so will miss the show!!! Will watch recording! Enjoy!
Just booked my Hangout weekend! So stoked!
Earth Day at the zoo. Excited for free gifts and knowledge. Oh, and some badass animals.
Just got a compliment on #Yelp: "You're so cool polar bears wear sweaters around you." I'll take it.
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift? Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift. Call 412-367-4888 to get one today.
gearing up for the summer ...
Body found off Eklutna Lake Road that of unidentified man, police say.
Congrats "I'll Have Another" & Mario Gutierrez Great race!
so jealous
Got it, 10-4 LInda (MM)
How do get more followers? Im trying to be like you!
Yea. I would like to visit the mt again soon.
Done, Done and Done
i've tried so very, very hard to like him. you know he's gonna b around like eddie murphy now. i'll put him in the same box w/TP
His plan has been better than everyone else. Tax increase for the rich and companies. What have you done?
Weirdest person you ever met? For me it's the gradschool guy who went barefoot & then picked his callouses in class.
ha. i guess we should all just listen to the shamans:). see you in a bit.
awesome man, thanks! gonna use that in my blog and celtic-nation post tomorrow!
Hope should be held for QPR to pull off the miracle :)
unfair imma high jack your twitter!
Forealll ! lol “ Genesis never misses me :/”
Today field-trip to Capitol Building.. To understand one country’s culture, you have to learn their history.
I really really really really really love Big Time Rush!!! Can't wait to see them in the summer!! <3 Especially Logan Henderson! <3
3 tenets to deliver ideas: 1. its about the people; 2. make few rules n get out of the way; 3. gain leverage - ,
Don't be bullshittin at the red box at 8:55! ppl tryna return before 9
is trying to fend off a headache
The love we give away is the the only love we keep.~~~Elbert Hubbard
hi, I will be having a birthday party in the next 3 weeks and I want you to be there if you can:) miss the glades and I guys
(flew over his dumb head...)
thank you for following!
keep up the rate of character death and you'll have to change your name to Game of Bones
I love when my wife tells me to have fun adventure every morning! It makes my day exciting and full of intrigue!
addict !!! Lest change that addiction with another one ;)
Same as well
I'm a little behind on this - Word of the day: zephyr (n) Any soft, gentle wind
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, make me to delclare your glad tidings today.
exactly. Hopefully its a good thing lol
WOW. That was a great way to end the season
who does? Lol
Biz was the shizzzzzzz RT : RT : OH BABY YOU , YOU GOT WHAT I NEED, BUT YOU SAY HES JUST A FRIEND
I love that RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
BTW I LUV YA GUYS, so keep following, ill follow back, and add me on myspace!xD !:)
": ok have a gud day ahead!!! Best wishes !!" Thank u, u have a good night too:)
is excited about Beijing!
Puerto Rican, Mexican, and most European douches feel the need to drive shitty cars fast. Why is this?
LOVE YOU 2..
In LA and off to meetings! Are you on my list?
line up is out.
Don't even want to read it! The price of leadership is always high! "Keep on keepin' on", Mr Blow! Your fans still love U!
At Pf Changs for my birthday lunch. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
you should put info on your home page so people don't have to search so hard for it... ;-)
I need a girl in my life. I wish my two female best friends lived close. , I love you with all my heart.
Pettis deserves the chance @ the winner of that fight
May 3,1952 Churchill made a radio broadcast on behalf of the Conservative Party.
We all have that friend that never has a clue of what's going on.
I hear that one. I get to go back sometime to get my makeshift diploma lol
I tried trending #ArianaDidAmazing :/ all the Arianators must be asleep?
Ah wisdom teeth- I look like I have Minnie Driver's chin!
These refs need to wake up and start throwing these Coyotes out of the game. It only gets worse from here. Dirty players playing down.
Hit em straight fellas!
I'm afraid this site has too many survey/nag popups to gain my allegiance
Did this dude really just hand me something over counter at work just bcuz I didn't rat him out for smokin in room? interesting day at work
Me, josh, and Eytan are at Dave and busters with some chicas. I miss this place. It should be a requirement to have one in every town. -T
At to meet woo Hoo
Fox outbid ESPN for World Cup. It will be interesting to see which fox outlets get which games. Could this be the reemeegence of FSN?
so many ricers in port chester
Phil Lynn the Blank..... :p
Thank you for following us.
join the club
She will be fine :)
And yet he's dating a Kardashian? RT : #I'm on my snob
": I FIXED OUR WEBSITE!!! BLOW JOBS FOR ALL!!!" I hope I'm not late!
i do what I want
Needed to re-post, since I used the incorrect "offence"...D'oh!
if you do tell everyone a couple Gay life exists from you
Beautiful day in Detroit!
Special #FF for !!!!
God morning!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Would you walk home through a zombie apocalypse with one shoe and a stick to make curfew because I wouldn't.
Never. So long as they are titled "cupcakes" it is safe and healthy to eat in one sitting.
RT : "Instead of 'Mick Jagger could be harry's dad' it should be 'Paul higgins could be gibby's dad'." Omg this
is it that bad to take a nap at 4:51pm? I hope not...that's exactly what I'm going to do...
#IfuWereAStripper would u get mad if a nigga asked u to hit fo 25 dollars
Why do I always think of when comes on?!
always make the mistake of putting to much water in the bath, when iv been in it an age I have no room to top it up :(
I wish I were a student now - so many opportunities and so easy to REALLY learn & understand. Ten years from now ... cant wait 4a b'fulwrld.
Guns on campus will be the deal-breaker for us and Texas. That and the elimination of elementary schools as gun-free zones.
Feeling a bit #punctual today.
Boycott The Balboa Park Inn in San Diego, they refused to let me stay there on a pre-paid reservation based on my looks alone.
Theres A Website Where You Can Watch Movies Not Out Or In Theaters I Already Say The Avengers Awesome Movie!
Pinnacle Hospital
lunch and evening...
Students are here. Let it rain!
I will be visiting Mom today and then off to Hofstra to see the basketball team play UNC Wilmington
VISITORS HAVE AN AFFIRMATIVE DUTY, AS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR PERMISSION TO VIEW THIS WEBSITE, TO KEEP THEMSELVES INFORMED OF CHANGES
Let's get some runs!
damn that sucks son
EarthLink giving away iPad 2 at tonight's first Tuesdays FREE drinks & food. 330 Monroe
I'd like to think so :)
Im miserable. But thanks for the attempt :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
yeahhhBUDDY rollin like a big shot.
Til the day I die I'm screamin out top flight
is on a ROLL right now! If you're not following her, you have no idea what you're missing.
So I think you should follow me and cause it would be sorta hard to make all your AMAZING covers with out us! <111
U dont realize of how many lifes u changed U give me hope.u taught me to #DreamBig and Thank u 4 teaching me #NSN!
Hey buddy....i heard some grl said hey to that asian n he made that tweet his favorite tweet
I've make a lot of mistakes in the last 11 years. Marrying my wife was not one of them. Love ya. 11 years and counting.
Good night Twitter world. Have to be up in a few hours for the real world called work!!!! Peace and Blessed Be!
how's he awkward about it? I know he lacks social skills but....
I don't think we're doing one.. unless someone else is planning one. It'd be fun though. x
Possibly because of their choice to create the news??? Duh!
tell him it's someone you send when a foo wants to fight
challenged by institutional friction at #usnatarchives; old guard resists change; old methods die hard and so too their adherents
": S CLUB 7 will reunite for a series of gigs and are in talks to sign a two-album deal."
Partying in Florida! What a great place and some partying people. Lord help us, we love it here!
I wish seamless had rewards...
Will you please talk to me im a huge fan i love you please reply :D:D:D:D:D follow me to please
Federal vs. States. Micromanagement from D.C. is the issue of the day.
doesn't quite have the same punch to it...that is for sure!
got it
On another note, why must the ATL airport ALWAYS have massive delays? That's what I get for pulling an OJ Simpson through the airport :(
i think that is for you to decide. :) I think Telescope Eyes is pretty romantic. I also play an acoustic version of it
Wish I knew @ twitterfall when I did my culture essay lesson a few weeks ago!
You are stole my heart! Love you <3 :) x
at work
It's refreshing to actually see a kid shy away from all the ESPN/press conference announcing hoopla.
what am i doing up? #amiinsane?
Just give me a f'n coffee!
Thanks for the mention!
Don't think I'm gonna let you piss in my face and tell me it's raining.
I had a pet when I was 7.It was a fish named Finny.she's dead.well,I dont know is Finny a female or male.but I know I love her
I feel like I have to do something but idk what it is
Ah, peace at last, machine fully built and backed up. I think I'll turn UAC back on AFTER my code camp demos today just to be safe!
Safe travel & best of times, ole buddy! :)
common grounds to discuss legal education services for yours...catch yall in a bit
I will never leave you heartless.. Never leave you standing in the darkness. Darling yes I promise to never leave you heartless.
Very cool Joseph! Which player? We look forward to seeing you at a game!
More left side infielders? So sick of those picks RT : Rumor around Lambeau today was we are taking a shortstop or third baseman
Man just left the school gym from gettin my nelly on
Don't be like Nike. Do "just do it" until after marriage!
Looking for supporters.to help support me you can buy my songs or a t-shirt.it takes $$$$ to keep it going thanks to all my fans and friends
Golly, it is swell outside!!!!!
what's the schedule? I might go see clippers in LA
": My farts smell like IHOP" Internal Homosexual Orifice Plug?
Yep. I don't like a lot of the decisions I made either. A lot of them were out of weakness, especially toward the end. It happens.
thanks Greg. Which piece of yours is that?
This article just turned up on my RSS feed. Yay!
It sounded like there was a school massacre beginning.
I really wanted to go to the softball game tonight, but getting my ankle better is more important.
I'm not sure which is worse, that Rick Perry cant remember which fed agencies he wants to cut or that he wants to cut them at all
marry Christmas baby girl
NO INCOME VERIFICATION LOANS ARE NOW AVAILABLE FOR MANHATTAN, BROOKLYN, BRONX & QUEENS
Opening Night: Flora in Fashion Jan 20 at 5:30pm Gladys Keller Snowden Gallery - Geraldine Schottenstein Wing in Campbell Hall
you were a two year old badass!
Question to all at the Finals... What will you do After this win?
Boom! Yates to Andre! TD #Texans!
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
ha I'm just telling the truth anyone who has studies economics knws the president really can't do anything
why the sad face????
Thanks for celebrating with us this weekend! We had a great time. Hope you all did too!
I love my Mothers day gift from my daughter, an iPhone 4! But now it's back to entering numbers that did not sync!
That's strange. I clicked the @ thing on Twitter for iPhone and your old handle came up as an option but not the new one
Damn straight, you do.
Loved 's presentation today at #BizExpo - busting out some folks using QRs w/out mobile landing pgs - don't do that! -CV
I bet John fox loves this game no forward pass and fg's galore
Thinking of doing a "Pilot Season Prep" tele-class...does that sound like something you would like to attend?
#Virgos is easily embarrassed, nervously romantic, wary of their partner's experience, slow on the uptake & Would sweep u off ur feet.
OMG, I love it when someone tells me, u look pretty ;)...and he said I look pretty..yaaay, am not being silly right? :$
So sick, tired & fucking done with people. I'm moving on.
Ion smoke none but mojo now lol..
The Indians say theyre in their infancy stage with social media
Step up dt
you miss us?
random but I met your twin on set the other day! You're prettier, of course, but she looked so much like you!!
Tweet me if you want me to post the link to the video from that picture in my last tweet.
Work was funny AF
Almost everyday.
Drip drip drip as I kiss both sets of lips!
As far as tats go, that its one of my all -time favorites! Its looks awesome!
Well....I have FINALLY made it on Twitter!! I guess my Capricorn stubbornness wore off. :)
Trending topics been weak af lately..
So tired going to bed probably
reality TV makes me feel like my brain cells are leaking, never to be returned
" Quit being lazy you can drive my whip! "
Better than honor and glory, and History's iron pen, Was the thought of duty done and the love of his fellow-men. ~Richard Watson Gilder
Had my twitter account for a year and a half and I'm just getting addicted
n then they call balling on a budget
If I had a nickel for every time I've done that, the app would have paid for itself.
shout me out pimp
MURDER is an acute political indictment masquerading as a genre film. It's outstanding. More relations to "life" than MOTHER.
#Health #Tip: Chronic Aches and pains getting you down? A regular meditation practice may help you cope with physical discomfort.
Inspiration must live in a different time zone. It always wakes up right when I want to fall asleep.
It's available now Doll!! RT : great im ready credit card in hand
yes ma'am lmao...
great connecting with you at Matchpoint Boston! Determined to make your MRI affordable.
At this put everyone can suck it. That's how I feel right about now.
I was expecting something a lot older than that. I'm not saying your old though. *open mouth insert foot* ;)
I'd pretend to be your housewife any day. Cartoons, soccer, what's next? The Biggest Loser? My "meaningful" career is over
why do you have to go to the same places all the time. Like ugh.
:) we hope to have a show there sometime in near future! come shout at us on our fb page sometime too :)
"If you're gonna bring a laser pointer, you gotta have a cat" - words of wisdom from
Is enjoying Miller High Life, and their donations to Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, IAVA. You should too!
Making fun of the Buff kid for doubting god is not cool. There was absolutely nothing wrong w/ anything he said. Many ppl in the
They playing poppin on wgci as a throwback jam lol i heard this song in a while
I hate you guys, one day Chick-Fil-A will come to Oregon and then I will rule the world!
Just finished working on a music video with our lovely blue Monster puppet Fritz. I am sure he is gonna break hearts ;)
RT : Video: Crosby Kemper I joins Gov Nixon's Civil War Commission & talks about Missouri's role in the CW....
Ahh! #JaneEyre is trending! Hurrah! For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst & click on 'top articles'
I'm pissed
Friday night listening to #Streisand #Broadway #Pandora radio while reading about collective memory. Pretty G.
VW Golf Review - Recombu
thanks! Can't wait!! How your semester finish!!?
Yep... still don't give a shit about a smartwatch because it's still a watch.
As authors and experts we should keep up to date on colleagues and competition, but we need creative input to maintain our creative output.
“: Why can't life come with no consequences?” If only....
birthday tweet
": Hey guys, what exactly do you want to hear in my upcoming tracks? :)" big room house. :D
I reaallllyyy am not tryin to study for this english test
Let's just say that you're going to hve lots of 'close friends' suddenly when time for that VT cabin! Get it!
The only thing getting me through finals is knowing that all my best friends come home within two weeks.
Why is it so hard 4 the news 2 get our name/picture right? Arent they supposed 2 be professionals? Take the time 2 do the research to do so.
Spent the whole day just sending emails to cast/crew... Just realized it's 11:30! I don't remember the sun going down. Or eating...
Nigga fingers are going to fall off. Watch.
thats crazy... i wonder how freaked out the girl giving the lap dance must have been. lol
summer tour m
Aw jordan I'm seeing it at 9:20 with
Ready to get off work and go workout! Great way to start/end day
Haha wow jessica
: Using ur bk 4 mktg class I'm teach'g in Boston! Did u say custom ecommerce sites pull 10X better vs off-shelf? Where was it in bk?
talking to baylor & being on a walk with him :D <3
Check out one of the funnier parody accounts I've seen
Big thanks to & for helping our kids plant tons of edibles this week.yum!
we have the same birthday!
Im out for the night loves, leave me with a blown up twitter to wake up to <3
Happy Easter!
It makes them sound all "spiritual".
I'm talking hologram duets with myself
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :)
Thanks for the follow. I am so impressed. Never met a diamond cutter before.
hey girl
If he wants you breast,legs,and thighs send him to KFC your a lady not a cheep value meal!(:
I love her too. She good at cuddling.
lol i wish hahah i wanna go to vegas an gamble an get drunk an go to stip clubs can WE PLEASE GO TO A MALE STRIPCLUB
Brandon Deaderick with the big sack.
#TwinAnchorsBBQ welcomes all families & ages. We love to see families eat some great #ribs & have a great time!
Kantis Simmons Dreams are for sleepers. Goals are for achievers.
I'm in! Thanks!
future Bill Nye the Science Guy?
... WHICH makes for a fabulous weekend for sports. Can't wait!
I just want to feel pretty...just for one night. :(
off to the #getradical conference. Revolutionary women abound!
Thanks for following me! See you soon girlfriend;-)
Oh I won't be straining myself much that is for sure.
Considering the fact that it's real, it's like a cruel joke.
you think JPM's sway over regulators is greater than its sway over Congress? ??
Yannis what are you doinn bud? Great streak
: time. It's very wrong for cbs to do this to you. I have signed the petition and Criminal Minds just won't be the same
Excited to spend time w/ Austin NPOs tomorrow
RT : How To Choose a Wine Rack to Fit Your Style and Budget - Cultivating an appreciation of wine is a growing trend in......
did not come across that way. I love being different but elegant at the same time
I miss NY see you soon :)
Thinking about introducing my comrades in Wales to possibly the first thing Americans made after breaking from the Church: Hot buttered rum
hey girly! Do you know when the m&g starts for the citadel? (:
Going for a run on this sunny day with
When can I get another mix man? Last one was KILLER!
Prevent the institutionalizing of our children's future by teaching them today!!!!
RT : I believe that without improving ourselves, the battle to improve anything else is highly unlikely.
Keep up the hard work! Keep grindin homie!!
I mouthed "is that your girlfriend?" -_- RT : you mouthed that to me :O
Maybe Claire Taylor would be available to take over the captaincy from Strauss
Activity at #marac #infolit workshop: adapting standards to
little of both :)
please visit me in florida<3
GOODMORNING!(: getting tickets to see u in new York today. Yes<333333
Hearing lots of chatter going on between Hornets & Blazers. CP3 to PDX?
I'm ready to wrap up this project and present an impeccable piece of work that I'm pleased with, so with that being said, turn in verses : )
Oh K-Dro, what are we gonna do with you??
Yes its 3 am and I want to reiterate this.... I. Met. Cactus. Tonight. Yes!!!!!!!! #dopeoplestillhashtagwinning? If so...
My mom is so rude sometimes
can't wait bud
Tomorrow is the LAST day we're accepting submissions for our 2012 publication. Type fast, friends. There's still time.
oh! Gosh! That's so sweet. Thanks for telling me that. I'm glad it moved you!
It really seems like sleep should come earlier and end later. Why is it you can sleep in at an age where u can't reqlly appreciate it.
Great to be back in LA! Sure, the joint's got its flaws, but some pretty cool shit happens here.
well I dm it to you
she said she dont like #WhiteGuys ,so i showed her my 3rd leg..now she saying its kool bcuz im must be half-black.
.....met Jon at ALA last year; also used to work with his wife (she's a law librarian).
Follow Us if you Love Boxing News, Videos, and Updates
brunch > snow
I've been following since the beginning of this season I think that deserves a follow back or at least a RT
Welcoming Brenda, Till and Eva...Happy Monday!
Quote of the Day "It's not what you are, but what you don't become that hurts."
The Crying of Lot 49 and Mr. Belding in the same episode of
#Np cupid shuffle
(: heaven tell me how to make a change<3
My twitter is being hacked btw :( just so you guys know
28 days left? Ok
When someone ignores your text, But then wants to text you later.
January 23rd is Chinese New Year. Did you know that it has been also known as the "Spring Festival" since the 20th century?
Obama lost the last ounce of respect I had for him tonight w/ his b.s. religious talk.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. ~ Andrew Carnegie
dinner at El Jaripeo with mi madre for Cinco de Mayo!
Today's breakfast, crawfish omelette with sausage.
#smcnsb #networking with milwaukee's elite!
My favorite time of the sporting year !
I wish Hubie Brown would come back and coach
vanessa did they Puy something in myh hair?
not you though Big Money ;)
Boston cream pie yum:)
Today's Destination : Chloride Cliffs and Rhyolite Ghost Town.
unbelievable. You really buried the women's victory. Good thing I don't pay to watch your "news" service. Seriously??
It has been raining for almost 2 weeks here on Long Island New York. Can one plant vegetable seeds in soggy soil?
Can't believe MCA died. Wow
in the future, cats live at least 40 years
I'm not gonna argue over twitter. We both know what I think. We both know what you think. It's done it's over with. I love you
that happened to me the last couple of times too. Finally had enough time this morning.
Would you approve of Sean Penn? B/C one of my Bohemians looks just like him.
Thank you for listening to me vent.. im glad you had intrest! (:
Stan Van Gundy or Nate McMillan. Rockets inability to show up for UTA/PHX last week is the real issue. That is on McHale.
I hate Valentines day, even if I have someone to be with or not. It's overrated because you shouldn't be nice to someone for just ONE day!
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!
Thanking god for another day <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Somebody's been putting used punk records out on the shelves!
7 games = 7 wins. Congrats ! Finish the NW Trip strong on Saturday and let's make this 8 for 8!
Technical difficulties!
I just want you and me to be together
lmaooooooo so who is JUAN?
Waffles for lunch :-)
so i'm paying $80 for busch gardens but i'm not riding anything.
Someone at GSLI finally had an answer instead of sending me on a goose chase!!
Scott Walker wins #GOP nomination for Guv.
RT : Shaking my head at the number of attorneys mad at Zappos for compromising the 1 username/password they use for everything
Is now a #glogsteredu ambassador! :)
You're not supposed to put it in your eyes...
RT : A lot of shit done changed!
can't wait until April 3!
Nomo basic bitches I swear!!!
heey guys ! this is (: im the new co-owner for this account !! im ashley (: hey guys ! <U+2665>
On the fuckin interstate
I was about to write a good quote but then I got high and forgot it.
It was great to meet you guys! Hope you enjoy the magazines. Lets play golf sometime.
Rain rain go away. Come again another day!
Starting today CANDLES is open more hours: Tues-Fri 10-4 and Sat 1-4. Thank you to all our supporters for helping make this happen!
Almost forgot how it feels getting a badass leg workout
OUR playing is a direct reflection of "we" are,+who "we" have been influenced by.....mostly!
thanks luv ya! U need to join Our team add #SCRSCReamTeam to ya bio
Are any Seattle Directioners at the game? Go Huskies!
This team is not a team that keeps repeating its terrible mistakes. When something is broken, they fix it and come back stronger.
Is Happy Gilmore one of your favorite films of all time? That is not a snide slam with a q mark.
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness & LOVE
So the avacado egg hair mask went well it made my hair all shiny and helped repair the deadness lol and it made it soft <3 yay
listening to the stone roses' remastered debut. top 10 debut album ever? could be.
Out in dc for the night and where are we going? A buffalo bills bar. It's like I never left home ha
Does anyone do "history pub" nights in Honolulu? know of any? Do I need start a history night at some bar? Any ideas?
#MittRomneyFilms : The French Connection
Wow...Your guy really blew it in his bizarre and hyperbolic attack on the Judiciary...Better walk that one back quick!
My sister just told me she's preggo like the sauce.... And her baby is a ninja. #lolwut?
Gotta be a
My messages here are my complaint. File accordingly.
you guys are equal (: haha
A totally mixed bag for #FF - foodies and museum folk:
wha? RT : “: #cbs13 exclusive maloofs hire ex-FBI agent to investigate Sacramento business leaders.”
Come visit us sometime Gen!
Wow. That was quick. And awesome.
How can you reassure someone something while at the same time reassure yourself?
what are you singing?
aw yeah ;)
PC. My video is all screen grabs so the res. shouldn't be an issue. Looked at the msg boards, and found a discussion there1/2
Come one come all, I'll be at the beach blvd flea market until 5:30. One shirt 15 or two for 20
Corey Feldman's ex is seeking child support. He's to cough up $307 a month. This is based on his monthly income of $1387. Wow.
We also don't have babys
Homeschool does not mean being detached from society. It's the opposite.
Chef Jose will be at today from 4-5 pm sampling our coconut marinated chicken wings. Stop by & try some!
Check out our brand new website: postprisonedu.org
thanks <3 but my cousin whos like my bestest friend ! might talk her parents into wanting to ove there too but she dont want to
nevermind........ Sorry boo
WOW. looks like a pimp in his picture. Almost as pimp as me. We could pick up some Wisconsin ass tonight
It's National Women's Health Week! What are you doing to get active, eat healthy & avoid unhealthy behaviors? - I'm off to pilates!
... I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts. I think Yahoo does but I don't want to switch over to Yahoo. Do you know?
We just had an awesome dinner :) so yummy!
Asthma attacks can be tamed with meds
Too hot out for your comfort? The Maneki Neko say, "Come in Mingei International and chill with us. We're really cool cats."
RT : RT : Serious question, were you a Heat fan prior to 2011?
Sad news out of the New Leaf camp. (See previous RT) But at least they're all in good spirits. And they have a hit on their hands!
Dalton and Green can be quite the tandem for a long time, you watch
ha ha you just admited you did it
he does have one of the best notary stamper thingies in the United States of Texas.
Before you get in the game you have to know what a win means to you. How much can you handle losing and still consider yourself winning?
I don't always #ff, but when I do, I #ff , ceo extraordinaire.
just kidding with ya ;)
See The Beatles "Love" Cirque du Soleil show at The Mirage if you haven't already. Have fun in Vegas!
How A Private Data Market Could Ruin Facebook The growing interest in a market for personal data that shares profits with the indivi
The weekend really needs to hurry its ass up
Wow!! it took me 2 months to remember my password! lol
Lunch at Cooper in West End with and then some shopping! Great Saturday!
What do you call a black person on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard...
Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education Board awarded the School of Nursing the maximum accreditation for all of the academic programs!
Thanks for following its a step for all of us wanting to make a difference and inform
Yeah, that exclusive oppty in Cambridge I mentioned earlier....filled one. At least 3 more openings left.
thank you! I really appreciate it. Let others know too!
Just setup blog on website. Had problems but those FOSA techies came through for me as usual. Love those people. They're fast.
Neuro #marketing works in B2B, too. Build rapport, socialize, then get to the business at hand.
In algebra tutorials with Rachel!(: tummy ache and headache:'( fml.
pretty princess aw
Same here as we're waiting to find out if we're on someone's guest list. I've thought about texting Stevie Stone or Tech but idk.
Hey thanks for the help today! =]
Your music is dope and your gorgeous
thanks for the follow! So is writing your full-time gig?
Please let us know if we can help in any way!
Awesomesauce-ness. Thanks for the follow! :)
You know you're a klutz when you bump your knee in a dream.
Sweet! My tax refund will just about cover the rest of school for the year! :D
Tis 1s 4 u & me livn out our dreams Were al rite where we shud b Lift my arms out wide I open my eyes & al I wana c Is a sky ful of lighter
haha it just means ur awesome NBD
California may be up on the bandcamp tonight ... Or tomorrow...
A1 Shredding,Customer Appreciation Day, Sat, Mar 10. 9-12, 402 Gray St. FREE shredding up to 4 boxes (15x12x10) Paper only.
Country Fried Steak!
Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith
Time for some cable managment with that beer!
some times its so hard to wait for something to happen
Huh look at that. Twitter looks weird.
Need to learn how to apply analytics data into day to day business decision making? Come to Think Tank Live! Milwaukee in February.
someone thinking they are backed up by the status of the person they with only to really know they playing a role already filled
Dodger day games make it harder to focus on work.
Woo it's Sunday, that means one thing
whats been good my g
Maybe we should make dog food..a trip to petsmart for toys and dog food...$75
RT : Fact 88% of women in business don't have employees women's initiative
I played at Georgia State & now play sand doubles... good friends with Maria Carlini
and it's a shame that not every single american feels that way:( thank you sir!!
Hot girl just watched in disgust as I shoved a breakfast burrito down my face. How you doin?
Imagining the future: Mostly virtual experience, customized learning, freely available knowledge materials.
God night Twitter <U+2665> x
what about the Green wave basketball team.
Local team chairs are selected by that team itself per event. Important to note "local" is not required to be on an event team.
would surely create a "Urticaria Index" or "Urticaria-gate" were there to be some sort of sports itching scandal
No Laird. We are the 99 percent.
What are some places to hang out before a Red Sox game?
Thank you for sponsoring #FRPAA! This legislation will help the U.S. to stay competitive in education and applied research!
The book of face just asked me if I knew Sean Combs...thanks for the foreshadow Marky Zuck
It's worth it if you travel a lot and can get the discounted membership rate
The show must go on....
Lazy days!
I texted you.
Gregor Blanco is saving this team.
Seeing at work >>
why isn't Real Madrid going to be one of the teams to be In the #FIFA12 demo?
ned to skype with your auntie in #RVA she wants to see whats going on wichu so give a time/day that works, k?
i want to sleep . i need to sleep . i love to sleep . why the hell can't i sleep .
I'm a lesbian
If I were them, I'd watch my back for the next decade or so.
I freaking love breakfast
We're tapping & to explore: How to make online primary sources *work* for teachers & students?
when is this going down?
I feel like Chinas so advanced they could just email us a nuke.
penn doesn't scare me, i'lljust make fun of him for sinking a rowboat during katrina
i almost left untill i seen ur mention!!!!!!!!!! what up doe
kills penalty.
God gave me you <3
I don't get why you are disrespectful to a teacher. You aren't cool...?
Great! I did the HIIT the beach workout this morning... starting the 5day plan monday. We should workout together sometime!
Dreading going to social security office for a replacement card
Unclogging the pipes
RT : Surround yourself with brilliance & then rise to the occasion. Who are you surrounded by?
But I think part of the issue is that the rooms themselves aren't wired - for wireless or even T1.
Join a community that cares for kids and follow
I hope I get to see my girl tonight
Were you serious about picking me up today??
We'll probably play in phx very soon!
Why couldn't we have no school today its so nice out :-)
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
I wonder why it is that so called 'genre-defying' artists defy anything but their press, making New York(er)and Times be the defining force.
25 more views till 1,000 on my video for robert
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie - My Fox Boston
shocked the didnt use 3rd rd. on OL. Any other plan they have for that area you know of?
you gone mad
Subscribe to my youtube channel :daswaggedkidd...appreciate the support!
Making my parents listen to #SaySomethin >>>>
can you promo me x40 so that I can have more followers? I love you
PB's sizzlin' summer show, "Someone Who'll Watch Over Me", will be performed at the Next Act Theatre space - get tix now - 414-278-0765
Plz ask Matthews 2 explain. Colbert's making fun of FOX fear mongering and more. He doesn't tell the truth bc he's using irony
don't let anyone break your spirit or your heart.
just Sayn love your new shows. Fan from new Orleans
Today was spent learning about some of the amazing work we do around the world with just 1% of the budget. Just 1%. That's pretty cool.
Google Chrome! I am getting really close to dumping you! Your Shockwave plug-in crashes every half hour now...
not sure yet. Hitting Lotus of Siam in a few hours. I'm craving Thai curry.
This boat sucks haha. "Cause when you try hard, is when you die hard."
Girls ignore nice guys, Chase assholes, Then have the nerve to complain about it....
Have a Blast in Vegas!! Hope I can take ur Class Some Dayy IaMmE!!
I was invited to leave the interagency Emergency Ops Center at Santa Fe Natl Guard armory... (NO press!)
I'm sorry but I can't be tweeting my personal problems to the world.
Bee Keepers are also part time honey smugglers.
USA is getting lucky here early against Spain.
aye bro u got off on that shit!
In my opinion, Pacers played better & are a better team than the Heat. But whatevs ~
Know that you already have it, Brotha!
The Noyokos do a great job at not sucking.
BOO! thats her weak song, unless you're talking about the remix:D
Lea Michele is our Star love you <3
of course will be glad to connect with you again, thanks for mentioning Good looking out.
Ca Senate Ed committee passes SBHC resolution (AJR 10)! Next step Senate floor.
Last night one of the worst nights of my life....
Almost busted my ass walking up the stairs! I'm so damn clumsy!
Sorry. The Man requires uninterrupted toil :(
i miss your stinkin butt
Sometimes I just miss Barenaked Ladies so bad. Shallow, I know, but still.
My mom didn't realize that people label the past with B.C.E. now in history books
Depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Call Brown & Jones, CityCenter735 building. Gym facilities, Concierge service, wifi conference rooms
Let's go Bulls!!!
had our first family dance party last night (son is 1 yr old)! it was fun and a good way to blow off steam!
1111: LOVE YOUR NUMBER. and I love you icon<3
bahaha seriously!! I wish they would play the Halloween movies again, that was the best!
I swear my brain is 70% song lyrics.
hey Gail, how are you? Been thinking about you!
“: 1 hour of writing now 1 hour of reading :)”
#FashionBlog is getting a face lift!
Nice! RT : And topping off the night at McCoy's Public House... With a bunch of heavy drinkers...
You a pussy ass nigga if you beat on a women. Str8 up.
Q5 I also feel weird about using the term "bibliography." To me, it brings back memories of grade school research papers.
Thanks for posting this! Alaskans are now trembling!
what tag/username are you using? - just
I shall play with my camera now .:).
"Fish where the fish are."
Caroline Kennedy, daughter of #JFK, to appear at Politics and Prose September 26 @ 7pm
I predict attendance will be up 5 to 10% league wide (on average) and sellouts will double from last year.
Off to to have a fabulous dinner in celebration of my Mom's birthday! #OhMySeabass!
I know.. its hot af
and you too if you aren't too busy!
Felt First Kick in from Spencer!!
good point. To me, the Philly Fed report coming out tomorrow is a much better indication of health of state's economy.
Are any of them Kermit-flailing?!
Lattuca & Stark: "The specific framework used to guide course design activities is less important than...engaging in reflection & analysis."
Being so tired that you cannot sleep is a cruel, cruel joke.
-1st Commandment of Martyism-“: It's always awesome if you can pull off getting laid and drunk food in the same night.”
Happy Mother's Day Mom I love you <3
Thank you!
Weather is such an easy excuse for us not to carryout our daily goals. How do you combat that mindset?
No. I LOVE THAT SONG. I just really have alot of respect for and I'd hate to ruin his song.
I'm thinking Wookie was pegged in the asexual category and wanted to change minds.
teleport some of that this way?
don't blame the rel, many good Christians, Catholics; blame the Church hierarchy, the same ones who brought us the sex scandal.
looking for a beautiful, local, blonde model to do some work for space150. Message me asap if interested, or know someone who might be.
Smoke em if u got em!
RT : Have a Great Day Everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>- imma throw my typical hate tweet on your timeline. Lol
no I fell asleep around 5 and started hitting snooze at 5:30
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
..Thanks for making the rivalry what it was..
Twitter won't let me change my damn pic!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
yea it's at the zoo where Faye killed that sheep for her fur coat! ROTFL!!! *inside joke*
I have had plenty of AntiMerger discussions with people I respect and who's opinions I value, just not in the past 24 hours! :)
"Maybe he's my cousin in marriage and it doesnt really matter." #Cheaters brings out the best in people.
poor Walter... <U+E403>
School needs to end faster.....
The walk upstairs to my room is the slow walk of death to execution for batteries. Farg.
Really can't wait for the weekend, 49ers may surprise people !
I know right!(:
Back in Portland after a great weekend in Seattle.
hey funny lady do you know your baseball
Thanks. Keep Making Things Happen as well.
and I'm following her to.
I've written the first act of another play while sitting here.
Time for a Stir it up Wednesday on the show. Troy's good pal will join the show at 1030 today. Let's Go!
I'm really good at sucking at Angry Birds.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom Glenda & my mother in-law Norma! 2 extraordinary & Godly women!
Where Is Roger Federer? Why He’s Underwater! Roger Federer gives us a look from underwater.
Just wondering!! Lol
finna go 2 sleep night world
Remember tomorrow's the last day of Exhibits (hours 9am-2pm). Check out the floor for sales, giveaways, & the big wrap-up raffle
Whoa, Adobe Digital Publishing Suite is $395. Yikes. I was hoping to play with it sometime, but can't afford that.
Yall know im bored right lol!
THANKS TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!! I REALLY APPRECIATE IT. YOU CAN ALSO LIKE MY FACEBOOK PAGE.. Alexis Todd Original Superstar Pageant fan pg
Good luck to everyone running the half marathon tomorrow. Bundle up!!
Prayer is me talking to God and God talking to me
It's one of those days, so much to do not enough time!!
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Can’t Wait for “Miller Time” in 2012
we'll try to order up some sunshine for you in Seattle... Happy trails!
I also love hearing how much everyone here loves & uses (in a variety of ways!) their !
we have 13 dollar presale tickets. Get at me here if you are in need.
It is time for exercise. Weight lifting. Then cardio. But then the difficult yet most important part. LOW FAT. LOW CARBS 1gram protein/Kg
Since I'm stalking you on Facebook, Twitter and Google+, it's only a matter of time until our paths cross. Hope U had fun.
Crazy day at #crystalmountain. So much snow -- over the head powder shots all day
Is this the first time Driver was in the final two?
Looking for a good fight party in the #DMV Saturday...Any suggestions.. Promoters where ya'll at? lol
nice purople shirt.
I had already been missing #Mexico but now I'm just dying to be there again :(
Duane Michals: I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
yep I'd bring in Johnson and Micah and keep Jones. Downing should be as far from squad as possible. Forwards a worry too.
Check it out, because its fabulous.
Saturday night prom partly cloudy, temps upper 40s to mid 50s! Open toe shoes for Kayla :D
.. troy went to his urban Rangers thing .. yes , finna go to his house & take a nap in his bed !
no school day is longer than the Monday after Spring Break!!!!!!
guitar lessons. And going to a studio will cost me $300 for about 8 hours. And that would come out of my pocket and not his.
I am a fan of premium denim jeans Joe's, True Religion, Citizens of Humanity
When children don't get what they want = tantrum. When adults don't get what they want = ???. To me, this determines level of immaturity
Merry Christmas....You are in my thoughts and prayers!!!!
Man mike we need a big talented wideout in Denver !!!! Sign with us!
like 10 minutes ago!!! haha i dont even know how to work it. I feel like an old grabdma trying to use a cellphone
check out www.royalepic.com
seeing dudes with their kids >>>> .
The girls at LAC.
pffsh. She must be pretty damn amazing! You're really talented :)
Dear god i cannot climb up three flights of stairs without feeling like i'm gunna pass out and I've been doing this all year
I think its a good idea to learn english if you live in america.
Yeah I'm crushing <3
that was the best thing that ever happened to you.
we have been without a dial tone since early yesterday morning. Am going to DM you my acct # please advise.
I think there can and should be narratives, just not complicated ones :)
The Edgerton Branch will be closed April 9 - 15 for renovations.
thanks for the mention. The entire team is excited to have Shauna joining.
Havin long thought i will see were it take me
Also, Kevin Johnson is in the house at #NSVFSummit. One of my favorite 90s NBA players. Worlds colliding.
gonna take a while, though.
Damn its been a while since I've been on, srry guys, i have a fb now and yeah
.: What key learning points do you have for a class session? Make arrival at each of those points a clicker event. [Smart.]
anyone looking for Promo Shoots!? Or Logos/Designs! hit me up! :)
I had 1 mixed drink and I'm a lil tipsy
OMG that's right it IS your birthday! Have a gr8 new birthday year Paul!!
What does DH look like when you take away Twitter? (Is that a foolish question?)
RT I leave all I am in the hands of history
Hope y'all have been paying attention to Klay Thompson lately. The rookie's going to be an elite scorer in the NBA.
Well, that's still good! I'll be readathoning too. :)
You need a job come work for me ;)
“: #MentionTo someone who needs to stop worshipping like he's some kind of God.”
now the whole world is going to hate on me. hahahaha!
I want to go swimming.
If you have more than 4,000 facebook friends you need to get your shit together
I'm gonna let you down easy I've got a delicate touch, peaches and cream you make a garbage man scream...
we literally just hit play on the DVR...lol...like 30 seconds into it
whoa whoa, you cant use my catch phrase lol
Never say die,
Helium balloons and pumpking carving!
lies. Have you seen
Whats goin on? RT : mtv is at my house
Now you're making me blush!
I sometimes wonder what people think when they first meet me, I wish I could read their mind just for that short while.
Count on challenges to be your correction in direction. The only way a rocket will launch is when gravity forces it to take off.
Okay we can be friends.
Looking for a local coffee vendor for branding ops. Let us know.
Well there goes that
Hop of the turn my swag on! Take a look Ib the mirror and say wats up!! Yeeeeeeeee I'm gettin' $$$$ ooowwww
YUM! I want to crash.
was sad to see you leave #H50 but extremely happy you'll be on Chicago Fire!! Welcome to Chi-town!!
Just met wit n he is to funny... He drinks his beer nice n slow so he doesn't drown lmfao
Coco lounge already crunked... Mann holup
#SportsSunday NFL games, #NCState bball and now golf on Haven't left the couch since 1, no end in sight...
ahahah! small world!
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. -- Marcel Proust
hahah you are my inspiration.
"Hey you got your strategies in my objectives!" Day 2 of strategic planning kicks off soon with
Jim + pam in the office = so cute.
If I had three wishes .. 1) Start fresh in a different place . 2) New Friends . 3) 100 more wishes .
wow is that how I feelin right now?? I'm flattered!
Yooo, I love your profile pic!!! Lmbo, too funny bro!
Hard to find new #trends in #Poetry out there,here's something--Poststructuralism and the New Humanism byJean-Jacques Thomas & Jeff Loveland
Anytime!!!! I can't wait
I guess Chrome is 14 now. Crazy spooky updater.
yeah only those on Eastern seaboard will miss out...that's me ;^(
IE on Xbox wouldn't work 2-3 years ago because HP, Dell wouldn't have allowed essentially a $199 computer.
WOW Tebow & the Broncos just shut all the haters mouths!! #withGod ALLthingsrpossible
I like more unsigned bands than signed bands!!!! wtf? what happened to the music industry????
My favorite restaurant is the Tam O Shanter....I die for their souffle
If you're going to drive it like a Prius why did you buy the Beamer?
What's your favorite holiday? Why?
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
To all females don't be a victim, Women's Abduction and Rape Prevention Seminar January 28, 2012 Contact Anna for more info 786-333-4868.
Every thing he signed,every law,executive order,every EPA reg,every Green Agenda,the list goes on,all monies Michelle spent
Clear skies tonight will drop temps into the mid to upper 20's. Mix of clouds and sun tomorrow with hi of 58. Rain/Snow mix possible Sat.
I've seen lone feral chihuahuas several times. I say we call for photo submissions and start a feral chihuahua tumblr.
Our End of Year Jewelry Clearance SALE is going on now. Save 40% more on select jewelry.
hahah, only if you knew the half of is shawnte ... #onlyif.. Hahah kyree is to much!!
Aww boys are really shy! :-P its kinda cute!!
Precisely :) sorry to leave u out! : Well, I am hapa. So, I'm only half-snubbed? ”
6:00 PM - American Cancer Society Benefit w/a ton of local bands.
Review: Wuthering Heights
All I know is that kitten looks really interested in the camera instead of looking scared and confused from the punching it took.
So bored!
A2 Rapidly expanding channels, reductions in budgets & dept downsizing. Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
Double duh.
#BrunoMars who are Ray Charles and Led Zeppelin?
Thanks for the support!
you have no sense of direction <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 357
Yay! Pleased to announce I just got appointed to the Library Faculty Council for :D
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. – Thomas Carlyle
FREE 500 BUSINESS CARDS....WOW!! at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com RETWEET THIS!!!
another Sunday Morning waking up with Golden Coral on my mind... shm thanks lol
woah! You are no longer the coolest Vargos twin.
“: Phone is about to die. I'll tweet till death do us part. #5votes #ESC Mine too!
man babe hooked dinner up
when is it? who's version of the song?
am i missing something?
I wish I was black so I could have dreads.
TRS is very happy to welcome new client Stonewall Columbus!
You never know what you got until the day its gone. :\
its Built to Spill at the Moore theater on October 21.
Show this Friday and Saturday. We hope you will come out.
Me too. RT : My Draw Something name is the same as my Twitter name, if anybody feels like bringin' it.
Hey, forgot to say congrats for meeting your following goal! Has anyone claimed their free babysign class yet?
does worldgolf have an RSS feed?
yeah that's a good song:D
Oh, Olive! Is one of our new vendors! Come and delight in its many healthy extra virgin olive oils and vinegars.
USAC open wheel star Bryan Clauson has been hired by Sarah Fisher to try to qualify for the Indy 500.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 20
I love all my ladies:)
true! Just luv what Joss has done for the heroine! Wait till ya see what he has done w/ black Widow!
ATTN Writers: Would you be interested in penning our bio/elevator pitch? If so, shoot us a DM. Thanks!
If some of the latest wx models pan out, the bulk of heavier snow may stay just south of much of immediate area.
I'm so effin' excited and happy I don't know what to do with myself!!!! #AH England? Or Mexico? Hm?
Drunk guy walked up to me and asked "how far away is it?" "How far away is what?" "Um... The moon coming up." "Oh. I think another 20 mins."
Boy:"Daddy,where did I come from?" Dad:"Well,you came from your mommy,Pal" Boy:"Where'd Mommy come from?" Dad:"FROM THE DEPTHS HADES!"
Dear bank lady, please don't tell me I am difficult because I am asking a lot of questions...
Excited for the long awaited return of
Of cours, they should. It's a question of character.
We will have a rockin' chair waiting for ya! Shine responsibly!
well then go eat something.. lol you know you like to eat
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :)
Facebook special Today only 49 cent wings
Thanks for the new ipad? Huh?
beautiful day in NYC!
that would be me lol :) RT : I get so fuckin' frustrated when ppl draw retarded ass pics on
Just saw our fireplace tile in a $3mm place. Looks like we did well!
April can't come soon enough! Thanks again for using ShowClix Sam. Have a wonderful time :)
at home watching billboard yeah
I constantly have my tweetdeck scrolled down to the bottom...making all of my @ replies very confusing to people.
so true pastor
Mike Lookingland is in as the 6th attacker for the Blast. 7:45 left to play.
DJ Jazzy Jeff and The Fresh Prince - Summertime
miss you too! I'd love to see u and
wow, 44 teams didn't finish. I wonder how many of them started and dropped vs DNS.
funny you should mention, video was next on our list. We will be sure to get in touch once we start putting it together!
what happened
RE: DonnieWahlberg: Until that time... LET LOVE LEAD YOU! LET LOVE TEACH YOU! LET LOVE DRIVE YOU! And
happy birthday Mike!:)
My journey begins
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Then its safe to say that Wendy Williams = minds blown
Waiting for the grass to dry so starting the day watching "The Muppets" with the kids. Then outside for playing, swinging and sliding!
Reason RT Pops wants to know what #WAKEandBAKE was produced in.
That's true. A lot of people would consider driving to be something they can't opt out of though.
Tht new female host on 106&park has a figure i wanna eat lol
do you support relay for life? Cancer support...
not okay for a man to like cold play
tails are over rated anyway!!!
#YourBiggestProblem is that you don't have enough confidence in yourself
Thrilled to develop &direct the workshop of Steve Sherman's Stained Glass Windows with this month!
Always been a strong option for NE.We grow up in that strict environment&it snows. A lot.Tulane is a good school away from that
enjoyin my last taste of beer :( this is gone be a long 40 days.........
Yes You try ;)
#OpenAir drug market in
Waiting for him Someone that might never come
all i want is love because it is the most best thing anyone could ever have to fill their hearts <3
CHASE THAT LITTLE RASCAL!
Nba arena playing that one jayz kanye song
Recipe box, recipe box! I got a brand-new recipe box... I'm learning all sorts of recipes & I'm gonna make em yum yum yum
i just took a full time job in mequon. i can't wait
It's sad how people give up so easily & fast .
Orange for sure. RT : If you could have Altras in any color sway what would it be? Use #AltraRainbow and let us know!
Day 30: Legs freshly shaved, the bell lap, the home stretch, the final countdown. Bum honed & thighs toned.
Hey Sheri....when is the next Yoga for Teens? Is it every Monday night?
amen to that bro
Casino and then go back to the casino.
I think Marcuse covered the reason for that part already in One-Dimensional Man.
Schedule postings to match the students timeline - yes!
and says doesn't have to be an either-or.
haha, that's why I think the whole thing is a little silly ... but I guess plastic surgeons have to earn $ too ;)
Thank you :)
Blackhawks are winning and Bulls v. Celtics starts at 8:30. Get here for $5 belvedere cocktails and $5 makers mark.
love that you are doing this. You should do a post-pesach theme beer to end the Holiday with!
So true! (Mom of 2) RT : Birth is the only time when you cry and your mother smiles.
Cupcake Vineyards Red Velvet Cake for tonight's wine...down.
aren't all his shows full of joy and one-ness?? lovely, eh??
it's on lifetime right now!
Just completed Mixer at 2-1-1 San Diego w/ Supervisor Greg Cox and a few hundred chamber members.
A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products & services available to consumers
RT : Hot Tips on how to use safe cleaning products in your home PLUS how to make your own natural cleaning products....
George Zimmerman's bond should be revisited since he has enough $$$ to pay his bond outright. This situation is messy.
I wanna try i-topit!
Yesterday, the Viking sign Favre. Today, a tornado hits Minneapolis. Some things just invite God's wrath.
Have a Safe and Wonderful Fourth of July Celebration!
According to mobile industry writers CPM for tablet advertising is priced way too high. We agree..www.padvertisement.com
Today is such a beautiful dayy. church then watching the playoffs when oomf
Friends We Love Premiere at The Brooklyn Museum Of Art on October 2, 2010...
I agree with and you need to ask this boy!
Resorting to Craigslist for a used car...help
In fact, almost every product built for user experience professionals offers a terrible user experience.
so u still doing the game
#Doc says I need more #Iodine in my diet. What foods naturally have alot of iodine in them?
Like the middle of September what about you??
BREAKING NOW -- #911 call released from the March 31 murder of Mainstreet Grill manager in
you're not alone there, lady. Lol
most Staples locations have it. Few Best Buys.
GLBT folk and fams will not be voting or working for Romney.Why keep trying to make news.He proves people evolve backwards.
I GOT IT! PS I hope you don't die one of 1000 tragic ways...
How much does your brain cost?
appreciate the follow sir!
Hey! I just want to ask you something. Why not you go to The Haunting of Mansfield Mansion in Conn. That is scary!
just arrived this afternoon!
Stratfor estimates (from arial photos) that the crowd in & around Tahir Square is 1/10 of the 2M claimed, only 3-4% of Cairo's population.
I don't like losing to michael redd.
You're a lucky dude.
You're welcome!
KISS KISS BANG BANG?
Greek Week Kick-Off tonight at Rockin Rodeo. 1009 Ave C
definitely man
Different ???? Good joke girl lmao
Like a happy ending?
The principles of true #art is not to portray, but to evoke. -Jerzy Kosinski #quote RT
She Told That Manee' ! >>
It was climax ..
: I don't recall talking to you on the trolley but yeah I was @ SWC as well doing transfer credits/Sun too. Do you have a facebook?
I don't have a voice. Maybe I won't have to stay for rehearsals.. I can't say a word, lol.
This Savage character certainly seems qualified to talk about bullying...or was it anti-bullying?
RE belt and etc..... so now that it is almost bigger than high5's is it time for something new for 2011 season?
aint that it!
We watch you guys every evening. The barbers & all of our customers love you guys so much! Big ups to 106 & Park!
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Wish I was there id love to meet you!!
Avengers at IMAX will make you go cross eyed
I'm all about Dirk and the Mavs! If it were Ditka and Dirk vs the Heat, the Heat would've lost 4 in a row! Haha Da Dirk!
Hopefully going to Oregon For wrestling camp in the summer <3
that's why being a Cubs fan is great
The Departed wins for me. Shutter Island is up there too though. You?
hope you feel better soon!
very cool - where did you scan??
Converted a classic ASP page to .NETusing nested repeaters. Making no other changes, went from 45 second load time to 14!!! SWEET!
everybody's got to have a claim to fame. In this case, the credit goes to my students.
Lol aww that sucks ive been good how about you?
Just got approved for kickstarter! Time to start living up to our St. Pete hometown status and beg for some funding <3
I know but it was crap they don't need to say I was lying
hey : are right. Bjork packs big emotion & intensity in her voice. + gotta love Bjork's original zany fun love style.
I'm done for tonight #Orioles . Over to nfl network and the original hard knocks marathon
Client interviews all day today. Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design.
#FULLCOURTLIFE so I'm wondering if she's going to have a baby
It's game day! If you're in Boston, join us at Noon for #UConnFootball or 3:15p for #UConnBasketball. Or both!
Wonder what the BHO campaign figured the net votes - and how much more donations - he'd get by "evolving."
He's got my vote! :)
now we gotta add more people to our shirts
Even my music slowed down! #easylistening? RT : Is time at a standstill today?
Last night was basically Sal and I standing in various rooms telling stories to people, then sitting on the couch watching a muted film.
I just ask some dude on Twitter to do me a favor & get me alil more followers. His reply was "How much am I paying?" Wowww
happy to help
because 1) never saw it and 2) mainly because all of TiVo is full of shows we watch together
XD that would be pretty liberal
And the street code is not international..lol
Hahah do you ever wonder why you havent died yet hahahahah
We wanna see Instagrams. Enjoy!!
It's margarita time TONIGHT at 6 pm at , 1421 University Ave. $20 gets full taco bar, margarita & sodas. All journos welcome!
not me. Straight up on the floor, using my backpack as a pillow. Need. Sleep. Soon...
Maria Elena Durazo: LA labor's challenge is charting a course to shared prosperity or else a repeat of 1992
wow we have 215 followers right now.how convenient.make sure 2 cum vote 4 us in the finals @ the bbc on sat. nite may14th.winner plays sfest
Happy birthday! Have fun!
At Ground Zero Blues Club in Clarksdale, MS! Loving it!
Whats poppin. Lets get to these M'$!
it say it in my mags I'll bring one in tomorrow so u can have the address u can also send letters to other stars to
I answered why I was fired on Monday now is making up lies
Ugh. I have to hear about Kentucky for another week...
this is a new skill. I think the onesie helps tho according to dad the skeleton on it is incorrect.
Really starting to think Google is opening a can of worms with this Overstock thing.
dustin got like that at the resturant too. I'll have to come in sometime & have u make me some pumpkin coffee, it's so good!
Love my curls, but sometimes it is awesome getting my hair blown out straight by a professional.
Lundqvist is a beast!
RT : Czarshaw but at least you can laugh at their burned away pants. // Tweet. Of. The day.
RT:“ Arguments in a relationship show that someone "cares" about you.”
I don't know how you do what you do.
Been an #ICONiac and a #GRANDer ever sense I saw them on the first day of abdc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't hate on my
:-) RT : Congrats to Chris Caldon & John Keenan from on your recent success!
I can tell that he is use to them #hoodrats!
thnx! very kind of you. I will roll the public beta in August. Also looking forward to our own collaboration later.
Off to Smoothie King for an ice cold Green Tea Tango then I'm parking on the couch to catch up on the last episode of Dancing With the Stars
People don't know what Congress is
": Today I chose alcohol over sleep"
I did too...thank u
: great shots!! Thank you so much for sharing!
That was unexpected.
Would someone pls tell Glen Camble that he's not singing in the shower!
RT : Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor ~ H Jackson Brown
Touchdown #Patriots!!!!!!!!
Perfect synchronicity. Got a moment to sit. Turn on the tube. Bye Bye Birdie - "We've got a lot of living to do" playing on Encore.
Interesting Christmas. In the BR airport. Heading to Atlanta for a 2 hr visit w/ my Mom. Then to Indy to visit my daughter. God bless!
the buffet rule is more important than anything has proposed to this date
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Who knows what's actually true, but if history tells us anything, none of it would be very shocking.
What was North Carolina trying to prove? Politicians still living in the Stone Age...I wonder if they have electricity.
finished eating im ful
Hello dear Twitter friends! It's good to be here again! How was your holiday? Hope you had a lot of fun! Have a good day! ^_^
That is the best freekin idea I have heard all day.
the worlds tiniest frog?
thank you!
They know.
Yanks three outs away from elimination. FOX executives' collective blood pressure spikes.
Oh. Well, I hear the weather will be beautiful here this weekend.
can't wait!!
Bulls game tonight then a weekend of Guinness, Bagpipes and Irish boys! <U+2724>Happy St. Patrick's Day Weeknd!!!!!!!!!!<U+2724>
Great lunch w/ peeps, furiously writing in the Loop, now MDW <U+2192>SFO for #data4good talk. Way too short, Chicago.
trying tweet deck
I feel like a comedy movie right now :)
forsure?! because i needa catch them in LA before they leave !
but nah. I jus follow people I talk to on a regular basis.
Fed's dilemma: holding firepower for potential euro trouble while US markets hungry for help; QE3 unacceptable, but symbolic "twist" likely.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities. - Houston, Jean
riverdale and Shelby dr
Riding the Seattle Center monorail for the first time. Super cool.
As a skinny guy who loves pizza, the "pizza racer" is my worst enemy.
#Feherty does rock...makes a very stiff TV production funny!
Live with how court is preparing for Jennifer Hudson. Trial starts today for the man accused of murdering the singer's family
I think Jenna Bush was the one who got busted, but Chuy's is indeed the place.
im buying myself some to smh
I'd say someone from Bastop might be most deserving!
Thanks Shawn! I will be writing a blog post about Scrapebox soon.
I'd reduce the term of copyright--70yrs or life of author, but not both.
oh, matthew. The drama.
Tampa bound Feb 21st...
Are you trying to graduate cum laude or thank-you laude?
I'm gonna get the trinity symbol on my back on my left shoulder blade, :)
What do you recommend for the innagural drink of the weekend?
I didn't even go haha but good way to celebrate
Aww i reallyy dontt but thank u!(: and he is just perfect<3
girl...i was like WTF u serious? Smh
LOL!!!! Surprised you guys have the twitters!
some old man just told me to marry a lawyer or dr and if i don't become one but that i should really marry for money then loue later lmao
NIALL I NEED YOUR HELP! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Ready to be king
k I followed you
its been forever!
Baby girl my stroke game official!
thanks for spreading the good word of systems thinking!
at least you're not on the floor in front of the men's bathroom sucking down Dunkin Donuts waiting for your phone to charge??
He was due!
nothing to report now. watching parade on jumbotron.
see u bright and early tomro! #timetobitch ;D
Lol as long as there are no more Drupal questions ;) Just shoot me an email.
Jerry the niners could use another WR...ever think about strapping it on again?
PickUpLine: Hi, my name is Milk. I'll do your body good.
tweet tweet tweet! I LOVE twitter er ee do doo doo see you at the SMODCASTLE!
Hey Mel
awesome. Glad you liked it!
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include looking/feeling younger. What motivates you?
Man I'm not even trying anymore. I peaked with that WW2 stuff. Time to retire. Thanks guys, I'm moving to Jamaica and opening a bar.
We share the same rare disease. Hopefully one day, there will never be a cure, lol.
A sharp vision, supported by concrete plans, offers you a wonderful feeling of confidence and personal power.
Just saved an RBI triple.
Metro driver talking on intercom w/a screaming baby in the background. Is it take your child to work day? Isn't that a distraction?
RT : This isn't fun anymore guys.
Funny how your friends are the one's to sell you out.
have a blessed an hater free day sexxy:-)
Respect Chander!! Congrats and well see you
cool, I will try to find a day that everybody's available. I'm excited to show what I got out of this summer
Attention, Austin! A fundraiser to help pay author Aaron Allston's medical costs is planned for 19 July in Georgetown. Stay tuned 4 details.
I'm knitting on the 3rd floor of GRB by the Hilton skybridge if anyone wants to join me between now & 4:50.
OWE TAXES AND CAN'T PAY? Stop by our Open House Saturday July16 9-2pm our offices Wooward in Detroit. We can work it out.
& Heather McDonald were HILARIOUS tonight! loved ur "simple not stupid" jokes!
cvs fucks everything up! Every god damn thing
Tonight's just not my night </3 I'm off.
What's you favorite place to go running in San Antonio Texas?
Super happy with how this print turned out. Totally makes me smile when I look at it. Not a bad evening's task.
#Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi & NYC! Req: advanced genealogists - paying $175! DM me for more info
The film Dino Dan will be in the air around winter on Nick Jr. :)
I've always enjoyed this line, good for everything in life: "Undercommit and Over Deliver."
Yeah, WAMU... we remember that..
Hey who wants to do prophetic activations? message me
Concentrate on building a business that creates value before adding debt.
I had one great one, then he left. The other was very nice, but was, like, "whatever." And marketing...pfft.
One pic of those tits would get me off for a month :)
It's still misleading. You should give the total number of "campuses" in the U.S. if you do that.
I seriously cannot watch the - My day dreaming about going on the show is out of control!
shit mine 2! i thought i was da only person in memphis that mess wit common lol
no i still could, i wont be able to kill it like i use to
listening to neko case is the correct choice for facing many situations.
RT : If ur opinion is based on erroneous info or lies, your opinion has no value. U have the right to have it, but its worthless.
#flipclass I make most of my vids, but I have former students make on occasion.
Bro, why is it that there's a helicopter with its search light over Kendal like every night?
lol in the city
he almosted cost boston the game twice! with his mouthguard
Ha! RT : Let me guess: Tweeting Obama's alter-ego "Batman" or running a fake Wikipedia page on several Saudi superheroes?
I think its safe to say its 45 degrees in my apartment right now. And that's being generous. Heat included? I think not.
Will be cool to watch a Game 6 w/ #Celtics and #Hawks. Think it ends in Boston tho
I miss online poker. So easy to just register! WCOOP on would have been nice to play these days...
I think I like designing how things work better than designing how they look.
Singing with and in 35 minutes
will be outside today from 11:30am-4pm ! stop on by :))
Feels like moment when we were waiting on to come OUT!
I respect Santorum more than I do Romney.
My fuckn I.D is expired :(
I love you lol
Gamel's first blast of the 2012 season. More to come please sir!
Thank you! Lots of nice blog posts from FAAN!
I'm going to bring into my dream as the milkman.
The Raider I hated the most is Lester the molester Hayes for cocky attitude and dirty play
Kinda dreading formal now. That gym is small and I cant avoid the people i want to avoid:P
A Bugs Life is such a stupid movie.
Lookin' forward to tonight! My band & I will be playing @ Hondo's in Fredericksburg, TX from 8-11:30pm. Good food & live music - come on!
where is the self-development/conf option i can share with folks to learn to take responsibility for their lives/work etc?
what about run joe run joe
what sister?
I want an r2d2 cake
Big day ahead digging into 5.0!
still super sick :'(
actually twitter is the by-product of drugs :)
the moon!
Happy mother day:)
Thanks for making me want to bang my head up against a wall, Shutter Island. What. The. Heck.
Jimmy Buffet is a god to all those 45 and older.
I had to look that up but I'm glad I did. So beautiful. Thank you.
Umm kinda hurt but i will get through it……i hope?!
THANK YOU FOR THE DONATION DOLL! I just got back from a 24 mile ride (part on the )
Interested - How does your "no prior auth policy" work? What happens when they come up?
Print-On-Demand... Coming Soon!
Looking forward to drinking them!! ;)
I need a Christian Grey in my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764>
What is something you do everyday? wants to know who you are! Check out t.co/toL1YZPV
And now, we wait the required 3 days. Don't worry. I won't change my mind or anything. :)
that's awesome. I'll be prepared.
wit who
I'll take a shot for you, my friend!
the Mayan End of the world is later this year. Today was a different
Phelps family has no time to sin... damn serious lot of kids.. all they do is eat, breed, and protest. ROFL.
Pastor Joel and 1st Lady are truly the BEST!!!
I should be sleep right now!
- so if your happy with your grade you don't have to take it, or getting a 0 on the final won't drop you below a C- ?
getting ready to the GLEE soundtracks puts me in a great mood for the rest fo the day ;P
Back to CALI
That was one Hell of a solo adventure last night.
First playoff game. 7:00. @ Mason JH gym. Help cheer us on!
Night night everyone
Like the letter after A, I'm all I can B.
His play in LF might have colored my thinking there. That and the 2-error game a month ago. But you're probably right.
hope you feel better !
omg melissa, you are maybe 4 pounds overweight! you made me laugh.
Well now that the Bears have officially depressed me I am going to drink my sorrows away during the 2nd half.
lost 6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 19 pounds so far.
Let everything that has breath praise the Lord. -Psalm 150:6
every 6mos I go through personal email and unsub en masse. Some folks don't understand what email overload is apparently!
have a wonderfull day today
's first Asia After Dark this year is themed: Afro-Asiatic Mash-up.
I was out, send me a text..I'm writing a chapter. : how about u answer ur phone missy"
Eat some tissue rt ": Im crying inside.."
Its the boys If i had my iphone i would throw the siren up
omg I am so excited my whole family is screaming so loud omfg yes
Dale owes you one!
very nice addition! good news-good article
As much as I want to go home, I really don't want to leave this weather!
A ranger there told us some incredible bear stories. Ever have any encounters with grizzlies?
I mean.. I might learn how to spell it one day
As a Sonics fan, I found your piece thoughtful. Other fans ignore the fact that we'll do this same thing to somebody else soon.
She love to suck my ball juice ;) I can't blame her
Oh yes! RT : good morning! ready for some "electik" madness!
reduce intake of saturated fats. there's a strong relationship between high levels of saturated fats and coronary heart disease
Honestly, if there is anything I can't do if I have a laptop and lipstick, I don't know what it is.
You were probably trying to make millionaires pay their fair share of taxes again.
you got food?
Getting ready to show homes....In my parka.
Happy, Happy Monday! Actually I meant Happy, Happy 50's come Tuesday... :) Wake up with us on the !
Happy Friendship Day
He just likes to know someone's there. cc
Had a great time! Hope you enjoyed it!
gawshh ive seen never say never once, and everytime i see the commercial i wanna go again!! xD
So...did you escape or did they let you out?
Who Want To Get Fucked Up !
Lookin' good Noah. I'm in the middle of doing the same. Regular postings will get regular reads ;)
Headline Records out of L.A sent me a post card thanking me for sending them a couple records for their 7" bin. That was nice of them.
Aw, nobody wants to play with me...
For almost every idea I come up with for this paper, I can already imagine my professor shutting it down or saying, “well that’s too easy.”
Seems to me the only time the news covers the national parks is when a shutdown is pending.
thanks for the #RT!
So Bianca Tweeted me backk :>) .. I had a mini (MAJOR) heat attack ..
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world <3
Mizzou is officially in SEC mode.
It's Wednesday?! Morning!! RT : Morning! Wednesday? Alright, alright, alright!
How can one not love this day! Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker So why did u choose to add bacon to that cheeseburger....
You're lame. Get a life.
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps, time for football, Leggo Lions
That shit cheers me up.
Hotel wifi has slowed to a crawl. I feel cut off AND i have work to do. Nothing I can do about it. Erg.
You can't put nothing past nobody.
heard the owner on 88Nine. Does not have a radio voice.
Im #TeamHeat ion care who win this game, but i gotta feeling #OKC gne put them out.
well I'm trying to look good <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> So I have to diet
DHC's is at this morning with Demand Energy Networks' CEO Dave Curry to talk about
why the early nite??
RT : I know a lot of you guys' daily routine because of twitter
looks really good! have you been?
Looking forward to a great night you guys! Toys For Tots will be in the house, lets bring TOYS!!
Send Music Video submissions to ----->>>
Belated but still most sincere Tx for SO's this past week. Just cathing up but wanted to say HI and TX (again)
Ok... Haha I'm bored, just got back from the Tri-Cities.(:
We need all of the help we can get tomorrow for Easter! If you can help volunteer just show up at 9am!!
Girlfriends are like credit cards, you can't get one unless you already have one.
I hate when guys say "will you go out with me" like where are we going out to
RT : The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them.
Learning to be content in all situations. Not accepting all, but appreciating and growing.
Jenny promised to introduce me to stamos! Faint. Clunk. Fail!
Attention World: I am wearing a skirt. That is all.
Why do u have a fake accent like you're from dublin when u really sound like a broke leprocan? U're not irish
aye.....Happy Sunday1!! SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS AND WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF A SOUTHERN DIVA!!!
today, you were missed!
Composer's printed breath marks are not the only places he/she wants singers to breathe. For their own sake they should be more specific.
Ruben's a sexy name;)
Hahahah good times.
Studies show that kids over 5 can take the reg. dose of Fiber. But it would be best to consult w/ your Dr. first
What will make a difference in the lives of people with down economy as everyone has so many problems. This makes a BIG difference....
that's a strike my number is in ur email I'm over twitter. Send me a text it's faster.
Just layed down to cashin out. Its dead well be having a funeral service tomorrow on youtube after the engineer gets done mixing!!
today sux a ton
I did! I was the second one!(:
when u and moms comin to the city
Well... Another great Christmas at our house. Everyone got what they asked for from Santa...
What's your favorite season so far on Weeds?
It certainly helped! Thank you for your support! :)
Lazyweb, I need a tool where I can save screenshots/images, make notations, keep it private, but share with select folks. Any suggestions?
Thanks for the follow (and for info on the phone).
On the 11th Day, get your party dresses, pants and suits on bc is in the mood to celebrate with their PARTY PACKAGE!...
No kidding. Who knew the recession was actually caused by lost productivity due to CSS workarounds?
Thanks ! Can we connect to discuss how you chapter uses the platform? Pls email nick[at]webgreek[dot]com -Always looking to improve!
Sac Kings looking for 17th win and loses against 76ers by 22 points.
Dr. Christine Borgman describes (Online Computer Library Center) as "The Great Network in The Sky" pretty catchy ha ha
remember u told me 'bout the Janoskians on youtube? Just watched some of their vids, funny stuff!
Most fruits are now considerably larger and sweeter, and most vegetables are more tender
Hi Trevor, Thank you for linking to our business license services page back in April, follow us to get more industry info
"I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself." - Albert Einstein
He gives you but because He is who He said He is. Period. He's not Santa Claus He's sovereign, address ur life as such.
idk know you me!
I love unexpected freebies :)
I'm mad. Bout to do pushups til my chest explodes B.
Facebook unlinked my Twitter feed? Bad, Facebook, bad.
thinking about starting a weekly artist spotlight for #chicago #artists. anyone interested in being #1?
^_^ happy holidays bunches!!!!
The NYC show is close to selling out, according to Sam, and I still don't know anyone that's going. lol
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Interior 73
Hell yeah! It is going to happen!
I'm not about making someone a priority when all I am to them is an after thought
Sprayology's homeopathy vitamin oral sprays help you renew, restore, and rebuild your health naturally. Visit our retail store for details.
Yeah, right. That's not going to last through Christmas.
Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) FROM wiki
My house needs food
Hey #Tyga you got about 500 high school students waiting for you.
My teeth hurts now I was just eating candy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Tomorrow is going to be a good day. Ill be damned!
love that photo!
I love your videos!! your soo cute. Your my favorite! (: <3
Bipartisan support moving SB1291 to Appropriations, Chair Sen Blakeslee (R) & Author Sen Evans (D) agreed: "It's a good investment."
Ha! ...alright now let's move along....girl.... Too funny! Wonder who the better dancer is...
worked a fight sequence with Jaqui from the Walking Dead for a scene we will do together - an amazing actress, I was really scared!
Jumped in to re-follow us. Think we can get her to Jump in the Columbia on Jan. 30? Bring & friends
thank you...hopefully!
okeyy. we have like 2-3 weeks to finish it so i won start it soon haha
Its called evolution get used to.
#Consistency and
Reading abt "Recruitment & Retention of Underrepresented Minority Graduate Students?" via #NAGAP Perspectives mag I received today!
the heavy
him and i will work it out
has anyone used trader joe's coffee filters? I put one in today and it broke apart and made a huge mess....advice?
CAN MEN PARENT? Men CAN author Don Unger thinks so! Check him out at the Modern Times Bookstore, 888 Valencia Street in SF, CA 7/3 at 3pm
Oops, we are only open til 6 tonight so HURRY!!!!
HILARIOUS!!! HA HA! Im so glad my tan is natural.
Great turnout for #UConn v Syracuse. Thanks to all who joined us. Here's to a strong last 8 mins!
Who cares? Next week is the last week for !
Love HOA!! Cant wait till it airs
Thanks Natalie, we appreciate your support.
misses Bowden but loves Jimbo. We're all striving for a superior football team.
lol! what?! RT Knock Romney and Santorum's heads together and scream "Moon!"
Have a great trip.
Did any of my librarian Tweeps participate in World Book Night? How did it go?
Hold on one second... Now what is in the punkin' brew?
500,000th record from - 1961 film print of "Briefing Session: Is Democracy Obsolete?" stored
Retallack, Lin, & Dworkin are three of my favorite authors of all time; I live in Denver; and I never knew you existed!? Disgrace!
Dryin out with a beer in the Hospital(ity) Tent. Chilled out Saturday.
Our plan for when Kieran turns 13: give him Catcher in the Rye & a Smiths albums. Maybe a Danzig or Meshuggah album, too. AND LOTS OF PINS!
I sent them a little @ to know I'd never stay at their hotels.
#1 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
but brO I'm bought to go into depression cause my player lost yesterday and the fuckin laker won today :|
haa, love? no, I prefer vodka.
Ok goodnight this time for real y'all
That sun aint playing today!
. . . in order to feel anything you need strength . . . —Anna Maria Ortese
Huh? Did I miss something?
yo, i get back to chicago on mother's day and go back august 1st... find a way to get to there and lets get crunk. ya dig?
Then we should be fast friends. Thanks for following me, Wynn! I also love books, writing, dogs, and opinionated people!!!
At 2:45 going to watch #NSN in HD yea buddy
Tune into KTCK 1310 The Ticket in two minutes for a live inteview with #GarySinise talking about our #BellAFB postgame concert!
pshhh you shoulda seen the condition it was in when she took it out of her bag tonight. Soaking wet.. it was "water"
Fulbright teacher exchange program alumni tell us it was a transformative experience and great public diplomacy.
Love me some Cooper's BBQ!!!
I need more weekends like this!!!
haha i peeped it earlier i was like hold up is he really talkin to his self funny as fuck
I hate people who are into guys in bands...I dated two..for your info they are all tiny penis'ed
There are so many great places! It makes me want to re-explore Denver!
is blowin up my phone lol<3 your so adorable though "I'm dopey" Hahahah
have you tried the one and only ONEBURGER!?
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight. <U+FFFD> Phyllis Diller
. informal meetups have occurred here at #erl12 and that's good - platform where people can pick up and do
#smallbizconnect had great suggestion for smal biz to check out #HARO PR, free source to pitch to reporters
[#Venting] Companies, Twitter is for 2-way comm. If I reach out to you w a simple, positive question. Follow up! It's been 4 days now.
Bob Lyons will be reading/signing On Any Given Sunday Thursday, July 1 @ 7:00PM @ Atlantic Books, 8th St. & the Boardwalk in Ocean City, NJ.
I wish I could take a snap shot of this moment to share with everyone the awkward moments I'm capable of attracting ..
im ready start doing right cause tht's the best thing to do > 3
They should have made it Borders Bar & Grill.
NW: power rangers
#WhenAustin wears socks and sandals. <3
want to here something funny, ur Tweet about u saving baseball. U Tweeted an hr. ago. I Tweeted that 5 hrs. Ago.
Suck it Bucky! Go Huskies! My #2 team.
There comes a time in your life when you hate love & everything it means or what you think it should be & what it used to be.
AUSTIN'S DOING A USTREAMM!!!
you gave me a bit of motivation today when reading your tweet, thank you bunches, have a wonderful weekend.
man idk! You weren't in your usual spots!
Yea its fine though if you aren't. No big deal or anything.
Yo Carla, How's tee time?
Totally agree. "Azure" makes the product sound provisional, like it's an experimental beta of some kind. Can't do that with cloud!
Now that is a great proposal that kids should stay in school until they're 18 but of course education is the #gop enemy.
why is mark penn's fat useless face on right now?
Live at 8AM - www.pdxsucks.com discusses the nudist colony now known in the Pacific Northwest as "Ashland".
oh my vampire diaries. BEST EPISODE EVER.
Here at #sxsw and I can say.. This is the most corporate back bunch of Fucks on the planet. Next year #fuckthebadge hang out in coffee shops
Prom tommorow! Perfect date, beautiful dress and really good friends. #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
lmfao its the
We will holdin auditions soon for twerkers that is able to travel an do shows wit us. U must b 18 or older.... Dm if interested
Two people can't talk at the same time. One person "MUST" listen and make the needed adjustments for the relationship to WORK.
I fear you could be right, but I'm too much of a fighter to think that long. I already have plans on different ways we can win.
Thanks for coming on in Madison Will, it's so hard not to jump right into the hypotheticals with this Seau tragedy, but thanks!
Last Monday at the park for a while. Back to work in 7 days. Sigh. Its a good thing I love my job This is going to be hard.
answered his question with a question lol ..
or "oh...like as a full time job?"
haha I know ! I'm trying. I usually see what everyone else is up too. Like all my fav actors !
Mwah! Big kisses!
A1: Isn't a conference like the ULTIMATE social media event...but just IRL?
never know how to hit somebody back lol
ETS cookie for dessert
Marathon training update : ran 7 miles on tuesday (5x 1k), & another 7 yesterday. Feeling great so far.
Memorial Day weekend is almost here - pool season begins! Outdoor rooms and patio furniture, here we come!
make me feel wonderful if you thought you Could help them- their request should be on your twitter (timeline?) from a couple
I hate staying home so much. I'm not staying home again unless I'm vomiting blood
Because there aren't any such things at Heat fans. Heat fans today are Glee fans tomorrow.
Don't sleep. This is way too fun.
In homeroom again its the end of the day!
tarts that's snds just alil off.u can't get sumone 2 be that type with out them being exactly that,MIXED! half black half white
[Insert swearing bunny here] I missed him??
Also saw "The Lucky One" - liked that one a lot better. Pretty true to the book. Can't go wrong with Nicholas Sparks usually...
#Omega-3 improves neuronal activity, and you find it in blue-colored fish, trout, sardines, salmon and tuna.
We just received new beautiful tea pots. They are the perfect gift for your Valentine.
I'm cheering for the Wirehair Dachshund!!!
great advice! #smartsistah !
Our beloved doorman Andrew's last night is tonight. Stop in and give him a hard time!
I'm glad I helped expand your food choices (because we all know you need to ;) ) RT : since The Boarder Cafe!
thank you! And yes, I do. My SPSS training is going to come in handy!
NOW O'S... WHO GOTTA BETTA BULLPEN? OH YEAH!
im so bored has hell lol
I think I might cry when/if James Gaisford tweets me lol
We have power! This will be our last night living in the Williamsburg Lodge. Beautiful hotel, but home is better.
Why didn't #Brewers upgrade broadcast crew? Lol. Another year of bumbling. #Rock&BA
my spring break has officially started... #yay !
Don't lose all your pictures. email and documents because they aren't backed up! We can help! www.1to1riskcontrol.com
finding out my hw is due next week not tomorrow
never tell me about things like that.
We want pics of new kitty! And just how bit is 'enormous?
. Stop making facebook and twitter have sex and pass their aids by copying and pasting statuses from facebook for tweets.
what the fuck is wrong with people nowadays
WHERE'S MY TIMELINE, FACEBOOK?
yes coming up next
That bounce though.
Looked like tomorrow would never come. Hey! Hey! Davy! R.I.P.
The alcohol flavored kind. I have a busy month coming up.
where you watching hockey?
Notice your car doesn't look as good as it did when you bought it? We can help! When the shine & protection matter call us!
omg there were a pair in front of salon yesterday waiting for owner of doughnut place to feed them!
I may not want to workout but I never regret it when I do!
Buy one get one free Iced Teas until 6. Someone's in a happy hour mood!
been good ready for graduation already
#Ichiro to bat 3rd - Figgins to lead off. If this doesn't work, then yes, Figgins can be considered a bust. Hoping for success.
i hate waiting!, sucks.. i should go buy a drink...
E-Portfolios: Have to also consider the next step. Not just what you have done, but where would you like to go?
It's #Titanic Week at Loyola! Before attending the events, stop by the Donovan Reading Room to see our Titanic exhibit.
agree. good stuff.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Details coming soon.
If shows up at the 10/28 Tweetup, bonus points for everyone!
I'm always in the friend zone, I never get past it
Thanks for the RT.
Thought 8- in 5 games against the #dodgers, the Brewers are 4-1. There have been a total of 16 runs scored in those games..
Ask iLounge: Managing Devices in your iTunes Store Account
please follow my account please luvies <3
RT:Volcanic ash cloud is an excellent argument for local food, as Euro markets now have no produce, because it's all flown in
Tomorrow is History test, sh*t!!
Cee Lo's CAT has 64k followers..what is the meaning of life? -_-
I honestly don't wanna go to school tomorrow
“: #brewers fans should follow , who's now on twitter. he gives up-to-date info and insights on the #crew”
what school is that? Glad we don't have to go through it for another year or so
See Us Live Thursday Night At Stage's Bar In Chicago Illinois.On the Corner Of Cicero And Montrose.. Live Thursday 15th December 2011
oh thnxgvng... a day for food, family, and Nickelback.... wait....
Smh. I am appalled. As my wife, date night should already be implied lol.
Thanks for #ff !
Don't ask why my jeans are splattered with these white stains.
back from the gym (lower body), cruising toward going home time. got rehearsal with jay rogers tonight for May 15th & 16th shows.
Thx 4 following! Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum! Check my fan page Apriss The Model! Click LIKE to support my page! L4L
did NJ offer us Lopez and unprotected pick for bunch of our junk? (with batum or LA) my friend tell me we said no to that!
Hello all! Hope everyone is doing awesome tonight!
I'd prob bang the new prime minister of Thailand
Too bad about IMAG GIRLS, but my bigger concern is still the long length of the BFYA list.
oh i feel you on that one! bring on the sequin sweaters and rolling chairs, woot woot!
#googleUX what is the creative structure at google. how big was the creative team that work on this
was in here getting her #equinox serviced. i'm pretty sure she just schooled you on
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they was previously...
I haven't been back east since sept lol
got to try that
Did you know that switching to a salt water pool is more affordable than ever? Get rid of chlorine forever!
Express yourself and be who you are (:
"The way we see the problem is the problem."
#STLouis is the worst place to come for anything. We are very conservative & Dont like diversity> A city of Haters! Don't believe me? Come?
Oh, so now you start tweeting?
3 hours of nonstop Family guy!
my french is tough.
what are you worrying about?
are you coming to #Gatsby ?
Im jus mind blowing i really am
In lieu of recent events at the W Hotel, Wine Down Wednesday (6/29) has been cancelled. We hope to reschedule this date in July. Our...
what are the chances of getting a reporter to come & speak with us tomorrow AM at UPJ at the Young Entrepreneurs Series?
Journalism ethics in a digital era with Kelly McBride = interesting discussions
finally back in downtown san francisco at the RSA conference, having re withdrwl of not visiting san fran tech scene
Looking for a job? Two words: No nudes. Unless it's that kind of a job.
I believe it is between Florida and UK for Bennett
Working on....."Not your Grandmother's String of Pearls" :) Still not painting!
thats what it ihhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! now stop up to the cafe punk!
The way #SDCC has evolved, if you're a regular attendee w/no hookup, you have to be a DIEHARD to make it happen.
Follow me! Please, and tell me how you can obtain this body :)
There is a look alike here. I almost went up to her to say hi.
At chruch runnin off two hours of sleep but ill make it.
The king is dead, long live the King. RIP Elvis Presley, greatest dog ever! Thanks but we decided to stay home today...
were u robbed?
Lauren crazy
so how serious were you about letting peeps stay at your place for the superbowl? #reunion?
Trying the new breakfast/brunch menu at Coopers. Bloody is much better than the one I had here a few weeks ago.
Hell yes. RT : wednesday for Hell's Bottom release and Thursday Get your local support on!
Thanks! I plan on doing something each week! Didn't see a link on your profile, where can I view your work?
i cant smoke right now lol But i know the process
So basically told Lamar...."Big bank take little bank"!!!
Wow I just clicked on the "people you may know" tab and like 135695643 people popped up
It was tense, not scary. Whimsy kept it from being scary, e.g. naked brother, msg. under wallpaper, a bow and arrow??
Nose giggling with
Love you <333
#wheneverimbored I have a little fun ;)
Shame on you Dorothy Lucey this is how our system works anything happens to this woman because of your views
I know! And all those gorgeous meals, the fancy hotels, and swanky ships... so much better than reality! :-)
What can we do to help cure this problem? Is there anything that we each could do? The homeless problem is just that; a problem.
ATTN last weeks Twitter Sweeps winners- We will be emailing you at the email address you provided us w/ to confirm prizing info.
: should head back to to reclaim his ankle lock from Actions speak louder than tweets.
I hope to meet you at the next one! :)
a very valuable message to all those sun worshipers out there!
No work for you
haha not wise to wear while drinking either. For the same reason
Fight for this Love.
the guy from jersey shore is Ronnie
Great design. Why you choose the flip format?
Once on April fools day I pretended like I was going to kiss this guy, then I punched him in the balls and shouted "APRIL FOOLS."
Awesome. Nice moves Melissa.
I'm not yet a multimillionaire, but I do have a pretty awesome program logistics spreadsheet.
Excited to launch a fresh twitter account! We are eagerly anticipating the opening of our 2nd season production tomorrow night at Atlas PAC!
thats definitely worth it.
#10FavouriteEminemSongs 2. When I'm Gone
BIG NEWS! The BCH Comedian is confirmed & it will be the current host of the Late Late Show, Craig Ferguson. thank you
Cabin in the Woods is AMAZING!! Pure genius! Perhaps the greatest horror movie ever!
No new HBO posted today??? Two weeks and no new show, can only hope #RedState awesomeness is cause. I miss & !
wait that was when gabbyy played bingo with rg<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> gab we hit the hay before that happened
everything worked great today. It wasnt glitchy at all. Thank you! (Sometimes things wouldn't load or save before)
M. That moment where you change the order of your slides and suddenly they work.
« Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.»
Calling people by their twitter name.
watch Dr. Oz today at 4 and you might see our #cayc contest winner Janice Arsenault!
#thingsiamgoodat climbing stairs
thank you so much<33 (:
I woke up hungry af though, sat whweeeet <<<<> French toast/eggs/and a Apple
Yep. I did small research project on U.S. ex-pats in Europe. Was eye-opener since we tend to glamorize the experience.
Terrific to meet you, Libby. Glad you enjoyed it.
Back to work after a short respite, felt great. good to be back in form again. Love my job!!!!! :)
What is it about former jersey governors ?
I wish people would read the book rather than waiting for sub par movie adaptations.
Just checked, Russia is not on Instagram. In Russia, Instagram filters you.
whatever works! Nine used to be around there but the view I have now is much better
Holiday Inn is launching another hotel brand...do you think there are the market is already too crowded or is there room for them?...
well it helps them get popularity and for the show wants to know all ur biz etc. And u have to sign contract so basically they
2012 #mitenergyconf focused on macroeconomy, policy, ect. Reflection of US energy tech today? What happened to econ viable innovation?
Yes, I'd agree.
Sun beginning to set in Kill Devil Hills ... Makes me miss coastal living ... Thank God for #ESPN #obx ...
woohooo and really im taking u up on that
thanks for repeating me,..
A mixed species tag team match? Firstly Lisa would stomp me. Secondly, I don't think my spiders a fighter.
Ok Let's hope I don't once again sleep-convince myself that editing my prospectus in my dreams is "getting good work done"
My $'s on Adam! RT : Trying to become mayor of HQ. bring it Amanda & Scott & current mayor Michael! (@ Columbia Sportswear HQ)
Should have bought that LESBIAN STUNT DOUBLE shirt at the thrift store. It's not everyday you come across an off centered felt job like that
probably wasn't since that's a squatter account. More likely
My mom told me I looked like the Green Goblin in a dress I tried on wow
Me & my friends just had a serious discussion about nipples for like 3 minutes... It made think of :)
you are the best! See you at spin Tuesday! :)
6 mnths building Roode, under Angle then Storm over in 2 mins. Internet goes crazy, how do Bischoff & Hogan handle it? Insult the fans.
#facebook creates groups for schools.... #elearning implications? -
Hey if your school has career say let me and know. It's gonna be sweet
saving some for me? you are too sweet, kumar.
Just thinking about you this morning! STAY YOU! Don't Change! Walk It Out To The Fullest Lady!
When William drop-kicked the doors. Oh lord. :D
Yours truly has a job interview in the morning. Thank you for hiring me!
wonderful again.
Our brain often obstructs what our heart desires and wishes to get.
I wont even be 18 for another 370 days and im already suffering from GAMS (Grown Ass Man Syndrome)
I was wrong about JNF being my personal hell... Working the return desk is.
this made my benifits look even more disgusting
If I Die Today, I Just Want An Egyptian Lover Vinyl In My Casket Made Of Gold..
Everyone tweet a wakeup tweet at
sex in the city
A trailer for #MagicMike this week!! is gonna be good! And A little Pittsburgh pride with !
WHAT? There's NO way that 82% of SAG members approved the merger. Anyone else a little skeptical?
would you eat deep fried kool-aid?
today is the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II :)
New in Reference Universe: The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology, 2010 from
no problem :)
Are you bored?
If you never stand up to certain people they will never learn
DADT falls~left is understandably happy that gays are now a party to the baby murdering and warmongering just like rednecks
I got a lot of compliments on my outfit today! <3
I wanna go on Total Blackout ..
Tweet Tweet!
#DidYouKnow?: 60% of America's prison inmates are illiterate and 85% of all juvenile offenders have reading problems. ()
kenny you pig!!! ---johana
after that one I didn't get a message
Where the fuck is Ross Perot anyway?
thanks for the email. Glad you like the show. We'll be sure to check out your work.
haha. or maybe Payphone by Maroon 5 ? i think that'd be good too(:
sounds about right GOPACKGO
This can be arranged!
RT "ROI in 5 months (probably less)" #HPTechDay #Gen8 < quite the claim. Would love to see that data set/study
Cant wait new wheels!!
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
I cant say if I have a type anymore... If I like you, then I like you. There's nothing more to it.
whats up Fam its peoples. good to meet you at The Kid Capri Party #Allstar2012 hey lets rap soon bro. 1.
People who understand sarcasm >>>
right! and then they act all surprised and shit when she ends up preggoo #smh, got their priorities al fuckedd up!
The tweet is back at the bloody ford garage. Don't think he has experienced a mad English woman before and I never swore once lol!
That, and I've decided that it's funny. The alternative is depression, pain, suffering, etc.
maybe she's a mermaid and if she doesn't "keep wet," she'll die.
#ThankGodFor my fast metabolism! lol Munchies(:
firstrowsports.eu. click the american fb link and whammo
saw your mom today!
hooray!! photo sent :)
who doesn't hate the SAT ? www.sandovalnation.webs.com - join if you want to survive the zombie apocalypse
Aw RT That was gay
For the record. Win or lose I've never been sold on Matt Ryan as a top 10 QB.
Follow my personal twitter? I follow back :) <3
Fridays have the best Happy Hours of the week!
Sharp and Ekman-Larsson
He wants clean sand to put his head in.
Wish I was sleep up under him with his hard dick pressed against my ass<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Our great T-shirt sale is coming soon in 2011, stay tuned. Sphere Promotional Media & Design www.spheregs.com
- pre-bcs...irrelevant argument. LSU is unbeatable anyway especially in the dome.
and the everfamous, AH BALLS!
"Give me a museum and I’ll fill it." ~Picasso #quote.. someone had self-confidence!
Week 2 of languages at SCE..hope we don't get snowed out..
u know I am tho
First the Lord made man in the Garden of Eden.Then he said to himself, "There's something he's needing'
and i were just talking about you are russ. you guys gonna be able to roll at all this summer?
Who's that giirrrl? Come see the Hottest Women in Comedy tonight , with and !
so sorry just seeing this message. Hope things are well with you
Council members will meet with CMSD's Eric Gordon tomorrow from 9-12 (at CMSD) for more discussion on Mayor Jackson's new schools plan.
Find the Future looks awesome! Such a huge endeavor with great results. Well done.
What's the trajectory of resolution and frame rate in the age of pixels?
Hearing is now the AD at is great news for the school. He was my prof at Great guy. Pilots got a good 1.
Congratulations! RT : just got a scholarship to ! the week is finally turning up
Better be mad fa sum !
It's okay. I forgive you!
Are times really that bad that people would steal from a car and a little girl. I just cant believe they did that to my family!!
Giants Won! Melky! Matt Cain was a stud. Another 9 innings and only 2 hits. If we get Timmy going and Zito to keep it up oh boy!
thank you for the follows! I'm at my first annualmeeting!
If I get a paid internship here, then yes!
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in -- try the style on shorts, dresses & blouses. Great options at TCA
i have photos for you. DM me your number
She's talking about my toe! RT: Without the ones who irritate us, we never have a chance to practice. -Pema Chödrön
Conference on culturally specific museums at Smithsonian Wed Apr 25. Free & open registration at
to me it's interesting what Mitt + Obama were like as kids. Does it change my vote, no. Is it insight to who they are? Yes.
im getting a new one today!! :D so im excited lol
Love that guy! MT Belichick did not stop to pose with the Lombardi Trophy as he walked off stage at newsr
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Hasnt and WOULD'T break a girls heart.
Can't stand wen folks smoke blacks it makes my tummy hurt
Went upstairs to put my daughter to bed, Lakers were up by 16. Came back down, tie game lol
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Really???? thankyou im crinkling it imma post it ;D
I'm obsessed with the song "You and I" by !
lol. Cool. You make sure you don't be no stranger.
My tanning oil smells amazing. Js
awesome - good to hear! Yep, more are coming, hopefully in the next two weeks :-)
This 4-week season of Advent is a time of meditation/reflection, preparing for the coming of Jesus, ushering in a new heaven and earth.
this is rachel - can't wait to see you !
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
“: Booty so round, waist so skinny..”that's you:)lol
Someone fetch Blake a razor. Stat.
that's good and me too:) what's up?
Did you know Julian Hard Cider is brewed in Oregon?
Lunchtime get here already.
DJ Premier guest DJs @ Toca Tuesdays tomorrow night @ Sutra NYC! Celebrating our 3 year anniversary! Come through!
Yes, I would've thought that as well.
Hupy & Abraham's Watch for Motorcycles message began airing 3/12. Watch for contests to win prizes while spreading the awareness message.
Trivia time folks! In which state is a state highway named after me? What town is his birthplace museum located?
we do.
I shall c what I can do :))
Any Underwriters out there in the mortgage industry! Long term contract position. Dallas TX send resume to
Why do people like to debate with me? Just agree to disagree and sthu
haha it's freezing rain over there?
please tell me about it?
Why do a lot of people hate on Bryce Harper? Yes he's a bit cocky, but he rarely opens his mouth and says anything.
quit your job and make more art #1982 RT : I was programmed for more important work
Nice! RT Like a daily devotional, I listen to a essay daily. It allows me to see life from another's eye
shoes made it safely to henderson co and escaped nashville floods. thank you fed ex!
Heading to the airport(:
I forgot all about that. Sounds like we need a date.
New Orleans Jazz Fest. Jimmy Buffett Poster 10% off,promo code KMP99 at www.vincentart.com OH the humanity!
Wireless keyboards, also know as reasons I want to murder things
-- its gotta be over. U know there will be lyrics that she EXAGGERATES the number of syllables.
Totally forgot #PennPark opened today. It looks amazing, and this new pedestrian bridge just cut my walk in half.
I'm not sure all I know Wikipedia is shut down for the day protesting against this, idk what twitter has to do with it
pls get ur sis. I'm trying to write and she is in the kitchen, cooking stew and twerkin to 112 :-/
it's fine lol
cant wait to get to ASU in the fall
As if I wasn't having a tough enough time liking Ramirez.
I'm very hungry
You called me bitch for short , i'll call you motherfucker for long ..
Who is the best singer of all time?
If you think that some day it's going to occur, some day it possibly will happen.
Empty McDonalds bag in the trash in the men's room.
thanks for the tip. Will do!
only if the person who sees it understands it...so I send you off to college and you...
Nice, glad to have you following. I am sure I will learn by following you as well.
I'll be right over boo. ;-)
Private school I consult for will implement a full #inclusion model next year: coteaching, differentiation,and embedded #ABA interventions:)
lol I know but now reality is setting in
I just changed the time on my laptop. Confirmed today is Thursday. (I was confused). Realized that it is nearly 4 am. Oops
what a gwan voice
Feeling this year is THE YEAR!
About to get into so
well shit. :/ i get lonely and i don't wanna be online anymore.
Proud of Seattle's stance on "Online Sex Ads Exploit Teens." Read the article in the #Seattle Times Sunday Paper (7/24)!
100 bro RT always u kno how we do
I will. I Cried 4 the hour it took me to find my Family. Phones were all down. Now TRYING to find Friends. TYVM <U+2665>
ok guys. i'm going to bed. have a good night!
It's 1:20am... Good thing Sourcical never sleeps!
And power is back on!
you shouldn't have missed the bus -.- smh
mustve been showin some leg.....that's what always works for me
: I'm attending Atlanta WordCamp on Saturday, Jan. 9
Jut saw 's doppelgänger. Unless.........
RT : Welcome to Vancouver Seafood Summit delegates #SS11 want to know where to eat, just ask me.
Watching The Departed. Leo, Matt, Marky Mark, & Jack great cast
awe..thanks darren that's sweet!!!! I will probably take u up on that!! Actually if I am alone or not I would love to meet u!!
Hey Annie! Saw the YouTube video with you and ! Didn't know you could reuse the MooPoo tea bags!
“: The heat got this lol” you're dumb
is going with us to see "Wicked"
Well, additional media I don't care about at all. They can camp at Mirror Lake for all I care.
Walker"Balanced Budget"lie = budget has longER term debt service, incurring greater interest costs for state @ higher rate. Child's Future?
Back in ny! Thank you all temple Beth el of boca raton for being so warm & making this holiday so special. Happy new year.:) <3
sick of what?
24 hour fitness downtown Sac! Monday nights with Quirina are the best!!!!!
Good morning everyone! We've made it to Friday
Id rather die on my feet than to live on my knees
I feel like you're not telling me everything traaav!
lol ill see you soon!
Meet many brilliant educators at Sidwell Friends today with
ok rule accepted...how about I'm feeling a series win? Lol
I was a kid but I knew it was wrong and I did nothing.
Happy birthday , you handsome bastard.
Yeah you do that.
I use Adobe Premiere Pro & my iPhone. A few of my videos that appear "crisper and clearer" were filmed w/ a borrowed camera. :)
Jordan Crawford is a problem
What a great night ! Make plans to be there next Saturday for #saturdaynitechurch at 6pm!
Thank you :))
Let me get up
gotta ca me to discuss rates
“ If you were in arena you would have seen JR baiting Barbosa all way downcourt. press row saw it coming
you fucking suck at life.
I am ready for Ghost Horizon. Look out for G.H.
Win super bowl tickets or a an ipad2. FREE to play. Go to playffnow.com
Looked like Rep Champion's light went red, green, red, and finally switched to green.
Will the #Democrats spend their entire convention dumping on their state hosts?
How Linsanity you ask? It's 49 to 36 and it's on live at our South Lake Union location....come down for a slice or some wings, beer and...
No one will ever be as good as she was, and knowing that fucking sucks.
Going to Alexandria, Va. for horn prac. tonight! Fri.- The Otter House, Sat.- Heritage Festival and introducing the Mayor! Hope all is well!
Time to get back on track...
It's to nice out to be at work.
me and my best friend mrissa love you :D hehehe
Fuck this wind
He's from the south of France...Australia.
Currently reading Last Night I Sang To the Monster. Slow start. Had me worried. Found the rhythm and I'm really liking this author. New 2 me
Lazy Sundays are good for my budget, if I don't get out of bed then I won't spend any money
stop farting
HA! Total sarcasm from my tweets yesterday.
Nothing says 'Spring Forward' like looking back. The Twilight Zone: Live! comes to ACT w/ Theater Schmeater this April.
I got the job (:
You know you own your own business when...1 am EST is not even close to bed time. <3 working on !
I know enough to know that your characterization of #Ward7 is inaccurate.
it doees! next time, come chill with us(:
Rock and roll sounded forced and rushed initially. Now they've slowed it down to just the right pace
just cause! :)
The thought ,"I am still young and have a lot of time, so I can relax and take life easy" is a function of our own weakness.
Hello there Downtown San Diego, you look lovely (:
dudes and dudets i freaking love you!
thanks so much! :D
I'm not sure you can rice around in it, it takes forever to get up to 70 mph haha.
lol true true make sure you watch me on tv June 13th :)
im so bored !:/r u going to the dance tomorrow?
RT : RT : Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you (Jeremiah 29:12).
Attending my first game of the season tomorrow. I can taste the ball park food already!
Headed to the startup showcase - honored to have been an alternate, some amazing tech startups made it!
I think you've been hacked. Change your password. And not to "bacon".
Check out the new restaurant at MCI- www.tuyomiami.com
Thanks for the #FF!
yea i do
Congrats on your aware! Whatever it is, since won't tell me!
so happy i wanna cry! Feels like all the chasters all over the world won tonight..slime for everybody!!!!
hello tweeps! remember that time you had nothing to do on a friday night? no? is that b/c its tomorrow that you have nothing to do? (cont)
It feels like Satan is breathing directly in my room, it's so fucking hot in here.
when is everyone coming to visit?
"twitter is not that different from the proverbial cocktail party"- aka shameless self-promotion will get you nowhere
Justin Jones a 6'6 SG from Edmond Santa Fe is plan on attending Peru State University in the fall. Congrats to Coach Katen
Nothing sucks more than having to live in a shadow that you can never overcome.
Spacey killing Clinton... "I love theater."
I can't help but laugh at Bruno being serious tho, even though it's a video for charities :L lol
Sals Fridays @ The Latin Quarter Annapolis, 9pm lesson, 169 West Street - say Sue Elliott sent you.
Lol, yeah. I love Talking Heads, David Byrne and Brian Eno stuff
Correction: y'all, wine's awesome. RT : "You guys, wine's awesome."
thanks for posting about us!
:Local church sues former members, video of baby ducks rescued, Trayvon Martin's mom recieves huge act of kindness. Cu in 9 min!
Enjoyed the camp experience, hopefully we'll cross paths again...peace and blessings!!!
My friend says Tuesday's the most productive day of the week. What do YOU think?
Can I just say? I've always been a #RobertDowneyJr fan. #random I know.
Love is all you need
Glenn "Cowboy" Weycker, 72, drove WI Teamsters truck from Green Bay: It's empty. It's just to show we need unity. It's a huge sign.
hope you're keeping your doggies, kitties, and other pets cool in this weather! Learn about #PetFirstAid for Dogs & Cats
No I was not making fun of your Decaf coffee but it was sad that was my only option this morning
Ed Gero as Salieri has got to be sweet!
RT Mother's Day is approaching! What will you get the special Mothers in your life? Try Jones and Rose : ) (via )
should've been Jessica & Joshua in the finale!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Now matter how strong a girl is,she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug.
New Yuma regent wants education affordable - Yuma Sun
PhotoSalon Opens as Web’s Largest Fine Photography Store with Access to the World’s Finest Imagery for Home and Office ...
In Oklahoma last year there were 103,143 children alleged to be victims of abuse and neglect.
That was random.i wish blade can come on again.its one of my faves
anyone else see the score just go 0 to 0?
Live. Laugh. Love
...and he's single!
Ive been saying all year that is the truth. They are my bracket busters.
#WeWontWork if I know more about u den u know about me...
Actually no, no he doesn't. That's how far he is away from that.
*Specials TODAY* Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 FREE weeks of upgrades! Buy ANY $50+ LOTION and get 1 FREE week! Instant Tans 10 for $125!
I love Reba.
Flyers fans act like #Pens fans are so dumb, yet half our old team they cheer for, try to get #G trending when we had #C, etc. What a joke.
Just realized that Lebron changed his shoes at half time
Another evening at Squashed Grapes in Ventura CA. Music starts at 6:00pm
a.) wings dominated that game and got no bounces or breaks. b.) preds got 2 obvious bounces and calls on their side. the series is ours.
Hey, whats that smell? Smells like rotting flesh. Oh yeah, it's Walking Dead time. Lets see what dumbass hi-jinx Lori gets herself in.
People are gonna hate me in 2012. Really.
CHAD also charges a fee. $75.
#MyPastRelationships taught me that being a playa is not good
no, the white phone
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart
go jenny go. U r amazing and u r gonna kill it!
yea man
Sweet treat of the day ... If you're in NYC stop by for a Mini cupcake !! (only 80 cals) and the best ive ever had !!
do you know any girls in our grade that look like a man .
The drawing will begin shortly!
Did you know we're playing Hollywood Alley on the 27th at 10pm?
Do you still buy physical CD's, or have you fully embraced digital?
#ows #occupyoakland Any prison guard who used pepper spray on a seated prisoner would face immediate disciplinary review for excessive force
Had a wonderful 16th Birthday!!!:))
“: Lax players are people who quit baseball #BaseballSwag” ironically true..
Yea it seems nice so far, a gorgeous drive up here. A little cold though! We are heading up to Grand Canyon tomorrow to check it out.
Just saw Jesus at for all those sleeping. So apocalypse is impending.
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN. let's be together for this ride through 2012. It'll be amazing!
Haha. I"m a good driver...I grew up on a farm, so I learned at like 12 years old. I DO road rage sometimes, though. LOL.
Seriously, North Carolina??? Fuck you.
merry Christmas sassafras! :-)
You can't hit a home run with stepping up to the plate. You can't get hit by lightning without standing in the rain.
Chupacabra food truck will be on the news tonight on Abc channel 7 between 5pm and 7pm... And on Cbs channel 9 live somewhere in the 5pm sho
so sorry I missed the party last night! I hope you still love me! See you tonight for makeup shots!
If Ur From Upstate NY Why The FUCK Dont U Follow Superior Apparel?!?!?!
58% of those who follow Red Sox Alley are female. Interesting!
I don't know why...but it's fucking hilarious!
Hamlet - "I could be bounded in a nutshell, and count myself a king of infinite space"
Very belated thank you for the RTs!
My dick is like an accent mark, it's all about the over e's
I really like him. <3
If I can, I have a few things in the works that are gonna be big time.
Well, it's 5:00 and I'm just now getting to my emails for the day.
its on fag ! I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!
September 1st, 2005 Memorial Anniversary Of “Katrina” - August 29th,
I must walk my dog, Coco. She is so demanding!
Even when u don't understand what's going on in your life, or why, you can trust someone else does ~ Jeremiah 29:11 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
and, indeed, one of the major themes of the class (Collecting New Media) the blog is for!
are we seriously watching napoleon dynamite in health right now.
is one amazing guy (: <3
10 windows open on the laptop right now.... All music related,
Ready to see Ryne take home this 3 point contest
Omg I love the new twitter on my phone ;)
Um NO RT : you know you're a fat ass if you retweet a restaurant. If you retweet McDonalds you got some serious issues
so where are they now at 9:45 pm May 15?
If you wearing any other color but blue today you should just probably stay inside
Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch <3 bringin back the old memories <3
I know god has something truly amazing in stored for me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Join our twitter family!!!! and we hope to see you here at in Chicago AGAIN soon!
how can we adapt all our proven methods for tracking learning, so that we can track online learning?
Another sighting: A car with windows rolled down, blasting "Gettin' jiggy wit it" like it was 1998.
I can tell u that mortorcycles drive on the LA Expressway lines in between cars and it's legal craziest thing I've witnessed
What, you wanted a link? Sorry. Not yet. =)
oh god the pain please do not remind of that year as a mavs fan.
Spirit Airlines is dispiriting, a wretched, mean, and entrapping airline with too few planes/routes for rescuing delayed/canceled flights.
FUN with #PUNS!: “I’ve been waiting to see the doctor,” said Elise patiently...
Discovered your fabulous shop in Concord. Love every detail--staff, design, crafts, and of course the books. Bravo!
gonna try again tomorrow. Wanted to get some pancakes!
Well we've never been in the car for a long period of time. most about 20 mins. And she does fairly well, if she's sleeping!
Working on a Double-CD project mastering, duplication/printing today. Doing some duplication for Deepak Chopra again today (& yesterday).
I'm not sure but whatever it is its working great!
#LNYHBT Has anyone heard about the new book by Jose Rodriguez? He wz the head of the CIA after 911
I have a Moto Droid RAZR in addition to my iPhone. Not a bad piece of hw, but... Some nice features, but not really close.
OK OK OK All good!!
You got that right!
Hey guys check my Band Profile for some free downloads of 6 of my songs!
Breakfast sandwich from mondos >
No, but I'll be at Staples Center for the game. Are you bringing Blanche?
Pflunner dinner last night; good to catch up on each other's lives.
Not pleased with the draft srcset for responsive images. Ugly, ugly markup.
All of the last 6 tweets I just tweeted were a joke a blond joke u have to read them all to get the joke, don't forget to RT it if u like it
thank you!<3
it was weird hearing u talk all Denver sports last night lol. Hope they have u back on again
Once again, we can dispense with #NotreDame in early September. People, it's over.
64 degrees in KC today. Who wants to play some baseball?
AH AUSTIN!!!
We have opportunities ACROSS THE UNIVERSE. So can you!
When you wake up with an awful headache <
RT : Venezuela,Chile,Costa Rica, Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others #LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassestoo :)
so far so good.
damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I just got back to delavan I went all by myself lmao I got bored and lost my Brit fren so I was just over it
the one and only :')
Either my metabolism is too fast or I'm just a fatass... I've been eating a lot the whole day & I'm still hungry...
what do you do?
Chapel Hill or Raleigh for lunch today?
(*) Happy Mother's day to all of you (*)
I get lonely too.....
I'm singing Canary Chicago TONIGHT 8pm-11:30pm. Patio is open! Get Dinner in listening lounge near band. www.theredcanarychicago.com
Feel like dancing
So like lately I've totally fallen in love with <U+2764> I love them all but I must say my favorites <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
if you're not going to pinch hit posada there you mine as well take him off the team. If not there, you're never going to use him.
Didn't get NEARLY as much accomplished as I wanted to.
Box 2 is getting more expensive for new copies though. Used, a little cheaper.
My next hobby is going to be sleeping! Starting in August ...
I am thrilled David Wright can't get hit! No need to sacrifice our DW so Grenke can get his kicks
Introduced the kids to #threeamigos this weekend. "Oh great! Real bullets!"
I think Justin's new song is different and catchy <U+2665> #BOYFRIEND >>>>>
Was there a recent outbreak of #gingervitis?
Describe the feeling when you are playing your best...in one word #growthe game
oh man that's so ringing. Great.
Wasn't born with money, but I be birthing it
Bleeh.. Bus service to javits sucks. Even if select.
Do you want your real estate-based website to bring in more revenue w/o up front costs? We'd like to talk to you about partnering.
Congrats to on his victory at ! Way to cap off a great weekend of racing!
Sorry... Now i feel like a dummy, its been a few days and I forgot what link you wanted haha. Again I apologize!!!
You seem cool! & your tweets are really dope! :)
Sadly, not watching this AM but do love the #TheBlackKeys & their live performance :)
Baylor plays like the type of kids that will get pissed off toward the end and get someone hurt. Hope Cal notices.
Today with and outdoors , was very funny with you <U+2665>
Got the Tees in production. Apparel is gonna look nice this year along with my overall win again.
What are your plans for your special hardworking Mom for mother's day?
are you home???
The Batman axes are sweet! I play a bit, but I've only got three at home. So I'm a bit jealous.
Our bestseller is Cherry Almond. Other combos are Lavender Patchouli and Orange Cinnamon. What scent combo would you like to see us make?
Live streaming the new york city st.patricks day parade! My sister is marching!!
thanks for the #RT!
Who's goin to river riot?
I'm curious to see what you think about our offerings. :) Please let me know.
Austin LOVES Italian food! RT if you do too. (:
Matt Chandler's sermons on Ecclesiastes were solid and helpful and worth looking into.
HA! HA! You're right! Who needs #twittermovie script when you got =D
Unless the favorites are clanking also!!
now the lambada I remember lol
It's days like this that make me wish I could work all the time .
Angel Cabrera just withdrew from the Player's Championship for "personal reasons". Which means it's happy hour at Hooters.
RT Anyone need a website done contact !!!!
AWSOME SHOW JOB WELL DONE
follow for follow anybody?!?!
How to check-in sport equip? no option online. Try to reach customer service since days, now its down completely, flying tmr.
with me in the living room; both son & hubby sleeping/snoring. Time to break out the sage & do some blessing on this place.
Yesterday at lunch! :-)
Smoking hooka for the first time since I was 20. I forgot how fun this shit is.
#thevoice the girl was painful on this song. Neither one could sing.
Are we heading for full profit-making schools? | Ron Glatter: Cosy mutual talk is just clouding the issue – if f..
ha! I know right! Although I love Juliett!
Does this roster have enough quality depth on the Offensive Line to get thru a injury or two?
The Devil All the Time
listened to a panel of incoming freshman from public and private schools and they found it "creepy." was with me
The flight attendant behind me just said "Oh fudgesicle. I hate carry-ons."
Bob Ross~ We dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents. - from the Joy of Painting
Hope everyones having a good day! (:
I dont wanna work, i just wanna bang on the drums all day!
Whoever lookz ahead minimize the chances of ever going wrong. #Don'tLoseFocus
The same thing we do every night Pinky....Try to take over the WORLD!
the party don't start till i walk in
Thank God for auto correct.
oh no its ok im always on twitter when im getting ready for school
Australlian accents :) I hm
Watched #DowntonAbbey tonight on , and I have a guess about Mrs. Bates' killer. I can't wait to see if I'm right!
what?! They're getting married THIS sat?
So good. I wish I could do the "You!" voice
you know how you have the thing teling you how man people are on your blog? well ive been trying to get it & it wont work..
Wisconsin Lutheran has won 7 Little Ten basketball titles in a row and is 86-10 in league games during that time span.
Didn't watch, but happy Donald Driver survives. #Brewers win, awesome lightning display outside. It's a good night.
I just started noticing OAuth problems with the Goodreads API from our end -- everything ok on your side? Thx.
can you send me a DM? It depends on the facts, but I may be able to do it on contingency or help you find someone that can.
ok just found out something weird yesterday was 's b-day today is 's b-day and tomorrow's my moms b-day lol
yOU ARE WELCOMED.
You know how people say they started from the bottom to the top in there anointing well I started from under the bottom & kept on risin.
well I'm sitting here trying to plan stuff out and they keep changing it:/ I'm sorry I have a life
"One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments." Henry Ward Beecher
Thanks again for all your suggestions. you are quite the music pro!
knows the private sector. How to kill jobs in the private sector & make profits by doing it. Imagine it on a national scale.
Interesting. Where'd you get those numbers?
I am, but not at the moment. Let's setup something for this week.
you need to find clients that are more fun then. ;)
thanks for the invite to it was a blast!
Congrats! Thats a great accomplishment.
I love that you just thanked them all in birth order. #mj #nerd :)
looks and sound delish! Did you make up the dish or is it from a recipe?
Am following Dale Carpenter's excellent Flagrant Conduct with Jeffrey Toobin's The Nine. Our legal system is endlessly fascinating.
The show goes on
"I'm live tweeting this to you." "Walking into an alley." "I'm peeing right now behind 2 dumpsters/a grease disposal."
Certain shit I'm not a glutton for, for every bad bitch theres a nigga tired of fuckin her.
And now I wanna change my name to "Dennis Kucinich," just for you.... ;-)
Dude, Phillies wont make the playoffs this year. Team is aging and cant hit. They should trade Hamels for some stud prospects
In Vegas for two days! Plan to see Ka tonight
Is this doing Karaoke?
This Thurs. join me and Sat. I'm booked for a grand opening at a club in the valley. Details coming soon!
Health care providers could ask about preferences for learning. What tools could they use to adapt info to learning style?
and those were supposed to be the "good" white people...
Who has swipes for the cafe?
could use the help instead.
"MAYBE THE KNICKS SHOULD BE SIGNING HIM UP"-Generic Lady News Reporter. This was stated on TELEVISION. I just barfed.
Any #Java Developers open to relocating to Charleston, SC? I have a #perm gig. 6 figure job.
the first time I used the app, I kept getting asked if I was lost :)
Everyone is performing with a freakin posse. And just when I thought it was going to be a lil difficult to cover this event lol
and why do you suppose the bean has become the icon of Chicago?
The movie Hugo is worth seeing in 3D. I really enjoyed it.
king james what u think enuff said king is the only title u could put in front of it
RT : #Sunvalley all tweeters in SV tweet (RT) #Snow gods be good to us and deliver the freshies
Love when people lie about stupid things.
Happy Halloween! What kind of costumes are being donned today?
Thanks, Jovi :) This is 2 years in a row that an ICTC alum has won the Golden Apple - very very exciting!!
Is this accurate? I believe it is being broadcast...
Don't forget: Ludacris tickets are on sale tomorrow at the Hub at 10 AM, $20, two tickets per Suffolk ID.
There's a house at the end of my street that people will purposely pass by and honk at. It's kind of funny most days. Not when I'm asleep.
let me see it
Do i love these hoes? M kinda sorta
It'll be interesting to see what NBC plans to do with their Thursday 8-9pm hour come January. Parks and Office are as solid as ever.
I get a lot of love in the town
Do you have a writing room? Where is it? What's it like?
Can't sleep o:
Shout out to my new follower
Rock on.. I was #bestnewchefs dinner this wknd. All about the streets.
Of all teams, I sure didn't expect the Chiefs to be the ones to stop the Pack. Crazy.
Shower time.(:
everyone is to remain awake!
That's Banuelos' third straight solid start since coming off the disabled list. Yay for that.
yea its the best
It's like baseball. If you can land one out of three, you're a street skateboarder hall of famer.
haha but its still laker nation
yup, exactly.
is a ninja and a TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES fan. This is why I love him. (Among other things)
Many thanks to Gallery, & Raftermen Photography for their ongoing support of Art Relish.
Want to manage your lines through the web? We're rolling it out TONIGHT. Add/Delete your lines online and then run them on your phone!
Caller: "Have any cute soft bunnies?" Us: "We do! So Cute #JellyCat R the best & we even have HABA 4 the wee little ones"
Yes. There are so many other series/heroes/legends out there that could be tackled.
Did you already make the move? I need deets about your location, excited to see you soon!
lounge piano and lemon (re)duck(s) 3/22- no percussion will actually be harmed in this non-percussion at all performance. ;)
in a interview is there a way that you can put some statement they have in to question that can make them think more on the subject
follow back pplz
Listening to Incognito "The Less You Know"...:) today is a musical day..I have to redo my music team..somehow, some way..
"Ice Machine Is On The G Level." A sign in the hotel's elevator, and a lyric from my album as Ice Machine, a goofy '90s cake-talk rapper.
How are you guys spending yalls cinco de mayo on this lovely Saturday?? (:
RT “ : Give ur eyes a rest. Reduce eyestrain by looking away from ur monitor or other near work every 20 minutes.
How'd it turn out, and did you poach it in white wine?
Taping the tape off is the worst part.
Time is going by so slow!!!
Of all the regrets I've made in my life, I regret complaining about Naperville as much as I ever did. It's ma home
TONIGHT | Ivy Lounge presents Skyy High Friday | Special Guest DJ! | Ladies Drink Free | | Doors open @ 9pm
thank you so much twinny <3
At chilis with mi famila work from seven to one (: text me or message me it goes to my phone.
Have a great time. Grandkids are the best. Mine are within 90 minutes of my house.
I received +K about Customer Experience from - honored Sir, thank you.
I'ma call yu after my phone charges up....... make sure ya man isn't around
Had a great visit with our daughter at Liberty University in Virginia. Great Kid, Great school!
So you send me a text that says so I have a question and I replied this morning and I'm really nervous about it and you still havent replied
Let us know when you want to come back to NYC! Upset that I'm only a few months shy from being able to see you at Mercury tmrw!
Knew Bed & Breakfast Man was coming up soon!
Lol i already kno i am, but i knew wat she meant... but dats wat she get for sayin dar old lady was takin me to her house lol aha :-P
Lemme Tell You Guys This. He Lied To Me & Told Me She Was His Sister. BS!!!!!
Believing in Tim Tebow - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2FwGdY81 This is really what Tim Tebow is really all about.
eating ice cream.. :)
About Lanterns » Blog Archive » does anyone know what else to do ...
Med iced coffee for $0.99!! And it's GOOD. I'm having a coffeegasm!
I love you more! :) Even though you were very evil on the phone lol
worked at Ihop... lol can't picture that.
RT : Congrats to for winning award for excellence in #carsharing for 2011!
Library was glad to be a part of the scavenger hunt-really got people in the door!
More troops to Afghanistan,balking over the Columbus city budget, and new allegations against Tiger Woods...all starting at 5am. Join us!!
Would you ever date a fan???(:
Back to the dark side. And wasting time.
Happy Mother 's Day Mom! Like she's really gonna see this tweet.
I wish the challenger I had for a few days
Love me for me,if you cant ....then be gone.
#1 person on twitter I`d like to meet:
So true RT : #Ripple Thought Of The Day: Some of the most powerful words you can say to someone is "I believe in you." (more...
told ya' you were the lucky charm, lol!
I am working from home and season 3 "Roseanne" is on in the background and it's making me _so emotional_ .
Crucial turnover by Avery Bradley. Feeding the post is a loss art! All players need to be able to feed the ball with both hands!
and winners find a way
Thanks Mark! I got the idea from the CD workshop postcards that were in the bathroom too. Free billboard space!
People are still willing to do an honest days work, trouble is they want a weeks pay for doing it. ~ Joey Adams
I'm thinking of a few people I might just sign up for that class... lol...
Breaking news: "Snake bite in wal-mart"
my jam. lol
Tough loss tonight. Can't win when you score only 16 second half points
We have a facebook page...plz "like" us and ask your friends to "like" us: www.theatrecompany.biz Lots of info there. :)
DEAR SARA PLEASE STOP READING THROUGH ALL MY OLD EMBARESSING TWEETS THANK I HATE YOU OK BYE
we linger a hour to choose a clothes and to make up. ahaha
Stop doing what people tell you you should do and do what YOU want to do.
needed DT depth. Browns suck against the run, Heckert believes he can help. Until he hits field we really don't know what he'll do.
Son's preschool class is doing a "mommy makeover" day, offering hairbrushing & crowns, handwashing & lotion, fruit water, portraits. Cute!
your list of blocked twits is as impressive as your tweets themselves.
Artists don't have traditional training; artists are formed by experience & community.
or maybe even Holiday - Madonna. :)
Jay jay just took my lolipop
Yeah, so Squeaky Fromme totally threw up at my reading. So. That was a thing.
RT : busy busy worker bee, yep that's me.
can you follow me ? I want to talk to you in private !? I am waiting for follow me
haha, your already know!!
He broke up with me cause he thought I was married to a boy really
Not a bad idea...hm..I'll use that! Thanks :)
"ML for the working programmer" is turning out to be a surprisingly excellent book, I was expecting good, but got more
haha , well check all the messages i sent to the poor kid and this one counts too! FOLLOW HERE <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
These Hoez out here really settling 4 less doe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
True, but I think JJ is letting JG and RR do their thing.
thank you :)
I agree they look very weird!!
Jeff got gas pump dumped lmfao
] we said, and Lilley didn<U+0092>t in his article, <U+0093>May Allah protect you<U+0094> or <U+0093>Fi Amanillah<U+0094> is equivalent in the Islamic faith to good-bye
Just jump out the SEMI TRUCK bout hit plush all da bad bitches meet me there
Finding air plane parts in my garden
This guy really just exclaimed "Hooray!" when our plane landed -_-
Q. Why did the chicken run into the busy street? A. Because he hated his life.
come home to UCLA bro...pac 12 is weak, you can put up #'s and go league....and youre gonna get that hometown support
John Hull doesn't like Jon Marlott's opinion, so I say shut up.
Sometimes I think that some people are against texting me... cough cough... ;)
I aint never seen you round here before, where you reside?
Sock Summit!! What a genius plan!
I think he told me that a time or two also lmao
Mistakes are the portals of discovery ~ James Joyce
Hahahahaha. That's so funny.
gosh that would be helpful then ur moms like do u have another pair and your like ya i carry a extra pair with me
Hey Rowan, not sure- haven't been invited yet!
its time to get down to brass tax
Good parenting RT : My mama ALWAYS calls/text whenever it rains/storms...always!! "Hey are you at home" ....
“: how u and ur friend the water buffalo? aka ox...haha. #peace”. <<<< shots fired!! Lol.
lol least I won't fall down them on my own <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>still love u<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Good bang for your buck in the MIchSt/Geo game...
Be careful Satan is very deceptive cuz he lies/ the power of prayer is magnificent cuz god replies/
GET MORE FOLL0WERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
I respect u, I have nothing against anyone. I'm sure they r nice people. But until that obligation is fulfilled,kid 1st.
first day of work tomorrow with
Check out the #Taste&Toast event tonight 5-8pm. #mikelpatrik is the featured artist!
tired of standing up. think iam done for the day
are you going to warped tour in Kansas City? :)
what is this from?
yes :c
im weaing mine!!!
I LIVE THE CONCEPT EVERYDAY WITH THEM MAD LOVE AND RESPEC!!! CHECK THEM OUT FROM CLEVELAND SHOWING LOVE TO THE CITY!!!!
The problem with falling in love with your best friend is that you can't talk to your best friend about it.
Thanks for bringing home a championship. You do MN proud.
Anybody who saying about me and is negative I hope that bitch catch AIDS IN THE MOUTH
that's why they pay me the big bucks :)
How's your neck and back? : (
HEY ALEX!;)
Been on my studio grind this whole weekend!
taking in toyhauler for some repairs, before big trip in july for SANDFEST!!!
Ain't it wonderful to be where I've always wanted to be.
Pretty much...
Call for Free Overnight Delivery! Last chance to get it in time for Christmas. 888-343-5638
Who's hungry?? NOLA Food has everything you need for finals!
#FF These people are doing big things too!
kicks off in the #cmlounge at #sxsw convention center! Come one, come all and see this app showdown!
i got a gig for us. Sat in muncie. #topofthelineentertainment <TOP OF THE LINE>
nope, me too. Goddamn noisy box.
the #shakeweight is one fascinating piece of equipment. tomorrow ill give it a go at the gym
started playing today..not a RPG fan but it's awesome
Protesters chanting Recall Walker outside Capitol.
They gave me a goodie bag at the dentist
Wait. You're reproducing?
It's nice hearing someone say I miss you.
stop judging ppl. u don't kno their story.
be a sweetheart and follow me handsome<U+2665>? I LOVE YOU;D
just got to Jackson, soundchecking now and then we hit at 10pm! Come out and have some fun post Jubilee Jam at The Old Tavern in Jackson MS!
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. -Michael Korda, British-American writer
In my death, people will understand what I was talking about
No bunnies but.fresh ricotta....thanks to you! Yum! :)
come on shake your body baby do the conga
Ryan Bush wrote "Hey. some person is posting real bad rumors about you here" what are they posting ????
Is it true that public historians like history better?
need funds for client in tech start up any advice?
I had a dream about mom & sister
Gus Johnson just had an orgasm.
Thank you again. Okay, this could go on for a while... ;)
oh wait, beer? I deserve the beer. I don't even think is old enough!
Drama evilness will bring pain!
Me too. Dear : Please help. RT : Waiting on the pilot that hasn't shown up for American Airlines flight 1429.
Different strokes for different folks.
So are we! Follow #sims12 RT so excited to see all the great, strong women of graduate on Friday
man fucking people are stupid ass hell this days ,i just wanna punch the fuck out of every single one of them
this really tough time, i really admire that and i wish i actually knew you in person so we can just talk because i feel like
When presentations start late; I have to leave early; what to do???
food and netflix, BYE!
thank you! :)
get the taser.
us the little one still fluttering around ?!
It's Cinco De Mayo! And on Sunday we'll be Stinko de Mayo!
": Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo AND the Kentucky Derby! Or as stupid hats call it, “Go time!!” #FallonMono" AND CHRIS BROWN's BDAY
Can my day get anyy worsee?
US culture includes all ages,races, genders, & belief systems & civil laws should reflect that & be fair to EVERYONE, not just a few groups.
IM FOLLOWING YOU
A funny thing about regret: it's better to regret something you have done than something you haven't - Sweat Loaf by Butthole Surfers
Everytime I watch Titanic. I cry. ok.
Thanks to Sally Stiner and Barbie Block at GOOD LUCK CHARLIE today
Its not that deep. Some people need to
Lovely meeting & at #4sqdayDC last night!
Critical to make sure a social film goes beyond a flash-in-the-pan "trending" item by including longterm strategic partners
shoot me an email man! Would love to send u a quote!
it does make me cry too. But keep it in mind that Alex IS your guardian angel. Always. And for the rest of your life. :)
My first name is Celtic and my last name is Greek. Corey=willow, Alexander=protector of mankind.
woot! woot! RT : Cheers! let's do it again soon!
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
Idaho Natural Resources Corp. Announces Change in Management
flattened squirrels are road rugs.
Wow, that pic looks amazing!!! Well done.
If only there were some half-empty malls around here where we could offer this...
hahah the song is so addicting!!
I'm pretty sure would love to get as much press as you want to give us. :D
I love you zack morris RT : It's alright because I'm saved by the bell.
well said, teenagers everywhere
- i like your avatar
oh man, good thing I love this sh
Lionel Messi 4 Arsenal 1. He's like, really really good. Bring on Inter. Vamos Barca.
Game ended in a 1-1 tie!
s/o to my girls Smart N Sexy they represent #Team2Sexy!! U must Follow!!!
I was hoping to beam in Don't see him? Did you scatter his atoms?
Thanks for the RT Very much appreciated
1st solo road trip w/ babes - just us, Elmo & the open road & 94 snacks. All survived my driving on the highway, thank you God!
RT : Every woman should try this self defense class out. And, for the kiddos - karate classes ..just $10 each!...
And though we're ahead of schedule, which is great!...believe 'anxious' is best word throughout this day.
tiny tv
: Nearly miraculous change in pressure, temp, rh, and bingo, dog perks up, and the park fills w/ happy puppies.
GREAT. soo i love your profile picture. it turns me on ;) jk but i do love it! <3
what about degree of employee #control & #loyalty?
YOU'RE BARELY THERE? .___.
Wat up pimp
We keep getting air conditioner advertising flyers at our front door. Do they know something? Our ancient unit really must last this summer.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I'm only quiet in school because of jerkass punks who pick on people that aren't stick thin or don't put out.
The line between vanilla and French vanilla is terrifyingly fine.
thanks bro let me know if you cop something I'll get you a discount! And some stickers to slap around!!!
wish i went to the ciity more. i love it there <33
Finished the spring volleyball league as an undefeated team! Looking forward to playoffs starting next week.
Tonight we have a Flamenco Guitar Player from 7pm to 10pm!
Can't bring myself to swallow my pride and crash a hip hop class at the gym. Do the they offer partitions?
Robbie Earle (on big picture): nothing's won or lost with tonight's result.
good to know. I kept thinking about it. Ha.
omg I can't believe my baby is 16 slow down..
There is no such thing as permanent knowledge!
Lt. Guv attorney, Hoyt: Hall picked the metric that made the most sense to him. Uses Maestas expert Katz as reference.
I think has one.
Never take for granted someone that can make you smile or the fact that you have something to smile about.
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way!
One stop shop for business financing. No upfront fees ever. No cost for advice either. or 888-819-6660
Thanks for the follow Thrifty! Love all the free events you're tweeting about...
The significant problems of our time cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them.
The #Badgers would have no one to guard
It's almost been a year since started following me but I havnt had any luck talking him yet
Not going to lie. Just went to Ricky Martin's website to see if he was touring anytime soon. Sadly, no.
thanks but its true ..
I walked all thru my house trying to find where it was coming from, its getting louder
You have to be a little crazy to be a genius. >:)
This is true, and it is not because I am a member of a conspiracy, but because it is a bad and misogynist movie.
I swear my dad act like his job is more important than his own kids !
We're getting close to 1100 likes!!! Whoo! Who's gonna help us get there?
Just heard that social media its the new first impression. Oh well.
Good work!!
your* damn thought u almost got to 1st grade on that 1 ;)
i think that's weird. our fat asses sit online all day telling people they're holiday is on the wrong day... lol
Going to see at tonight in #Harvard Square. Olly olly oxen free, Boston friends! It's going to be
RT : Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay", I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight & say, "I know you're not."
Awake too early today. Will make for a long day, but that's okay. ACDA Wiki, get ready for some workin'!
so no IOA?
Still working on #RealGangster.com and I wondering if anyone wants to appear on teh site as a feature article? Thanks in advance.
jersey, jersey, jersey.
Hey BO!
Up too early for a Monday.
of course...we will be open as long as we need to be...but at least until 3 am
I applaud that decision on a personal level, but as televised entertainment, it's great fun. Glad you liked it.
follow before she commits!2
Flo Rida songs generally have a life-span of 1.5 listens for me. Then I need to never hear them again.
cafe's w/o wifi remind me of bookstore-cafes in late 80s/early 90s the phoenix, in san jose on san pedro, calif. street's printer's ink
NFL Commish Goodell says no threats issued. Says Wilf family is frustrated but they want to keep Vikings here.
best place to go in New Orleans ?
Often I am grateful for brevity.
God, remind us that your will be done in our lives. Help us to appreciate anew the sacrifice you made so that we may have eternal life
Friend:So Today I Had An Orange And It Was So Good I Have Never Tasted Anything So Amazing. Me: Okay Really I Don't Give A Fuck -______-
"Liam, you're about to get Punk'd... Love ya!" - ONLY MILEY! LOL.
Dude I'm kidding!! Hahaha :D
TGIF, only 3 more hours at work, and then I'm heading home! There is only 1 week left till I'm bound for #inyourhands!
Gtfo of here with your cake mode ass
Time to stop work and go listen to stories about work. Off to and the monti story slam.
in #ANA Mag. "Diversity is biz imperative-diverse perspectives/views/ideas create innovative environment." #Diversity Matters
SF is fantastic. No bear sightings yet, tho. :-) How's everything in your world? Let's catch up soon!
Calipari vs. Pitino matchup of the two biggest scumbags in the NCAA.
Hope everyone had a nice mothers day
": She said it was good and it out a smile on her face this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>" sho was and sho did
RT : Cool! RT : Globetrotting Kids: Kids Blogging About Their Around The World Adventures. Check them...
I want to feel safe & sound.
I sure did, thank you!
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY:Acini di peppe - Italian for "peppercorns," referring culinarily to tiny peppercorn-shaped PASTA.
Ralph Merkel describing how nanomanufacturing yields flexibility of objects/space, like a #HarryPotter "Room of Requirement"!
So the dude from How To Make It In America is voicing commercials now? This is your fault , blood is on your hands.
#DASER Why do bowerbirds hate red so much? Borgia -- They like blue, and when you put red with blue, it messes up the signal.
Any #Eco-friendly tips for around the home?
And apparently Dot is there waiting for me so she can talk to me about tech
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. -Brian Tracy
If you like Johnny, then you need to see me perform Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison at Lenox Lounge 5/11.
Good morning ninjas! Our new curriculum for the week includes review and everyone favorite game for showing GREAT spirit .. Lion's Tail!
Guess this more in realm of ethics? #wfud12 MN: I predict we'll C serious law suit over data or infographic in 3 yrs
Your thoughts ! What does it take to be a great entertainer ?
I would give anything to have Dustin Hoffman reprise the role of Dorothy Michaels for a sassy vogue photoshoot.
Oh man the caps and bruins are in overtime. I can't take this you guys, I can't.
One direction.... Your perfect. Me and Harry.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>........ Yes.
i use to always hit you up i just got tired when i never got an answer back
What I like most about an Everything Bagel is the time I get to spend with my dead pets and relatives.
Become Wealthy off of reduced Electric/Gas Bills in over 27States while it's early 1-646-397-9817 The Energy Biz is where the Big Money is!
its a junk house, they buy overstock items and sell them cheap
If you have money in the bank, your wallet, and some spare change, you are among the top 8% of the worlds wealthy. Privilege.
Aye Warm up the studio!!! im on the wayy
I've got your back and won't let you fall! xoxo
u gonna check out tron uprising ?
RT If you have a November birthday!
On to the Moscow-St. Petersburg train. Let's see how this Moscow Metro system works.
Let us know if you need any help
Mr. Jackson, Mr. Grant, and Mr. Franklin most likely.
a musician's car trouble: the metal music stand in my trunk apparently got lodged in a board and disconnected my camry's hybrid system.
This same guy has been on the phone for legit 2 hours
Hope you have time to check us out! Add Rotton Wisdom to your Pandora player! Thanks
Brett Favre is not a gentleman. In other news, a former Playboy model is shocked - shocked! - that a man would hit on her.
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
hey what's your pin BlackBerry ??
Happy Birthday, Claudio!
uh-huh - 1pm analytics session 4 me (what else?) :-)
Far too many people are looking for the right person, instead of trying to be the right person.
We're glad to hear you enjoyed Rain!
Lucy's dance studio in DUBLIN Ohio doesn't cancel classes for nat'l or bank holidays, but they do cancel for St. Patty's Day.
Me at my house : Tweeting Me at school to my friends : Do you know that austin is my man ? Me in my bed : Dreaming of him<3
Sorry I'm not more frequent with the mail. I don't have anyone to tell. You are all I care about. I don't want to know anyone else.
at least, the members in my area were shocked and for the most part not in favor of this endorsement.
Great minds discuss ideas,average minds discuss events,small minds discuss people
Another successful day at the slopes
Just got access to the news for the first time in a while. My goodness, my heart goes out to Japan.
It's been a solid 3 hrs I'm Having separation anxiety from and
Congrats - what a great and well deserved honor!!!
Hey guess what? #ILoveYou :)
they'll fix it
Completely agree w #CBS analysts on over-emphasizing non-conference SOS. That's OK--#Mizzou plays better w chip on shoulder.
Will do. Thanks for the shout out.
Love your work! Let us know if you would be interested in showcasing with our Riverside show
do you know what your lookin for ?
hi how things going
My favorite holiday for chocolate is Christmas - cookies, pies, truffles, oh my!
Where has been???!
Did U see my #WellnessWednesdays blog? If you get me info on the photog I can add pics!
time for a glass of milk :)
We're preparing for a themed bridal shoot this weekend. Spring picnic for two, anyone?
She so fine... She can ride my face. Lol
I invite artists I wish to show but I also like there to be opportunities for people I don't know.
Whatever happens tomorrow, we have today.
hope u like Florida!this is my home state!:)
what does it?
I bet everyone's so excited for tonight.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Sweet offer: is offering free hot yoga classes at RatioHQ. We estimate office temps to reach 115 degrees by 6PM!
but his mother taught him "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all." So....
Great 3.66 mi run this evening :D
your brother is hot
Todays clue for the Super Mystery Jackpot Song is: This songs title has the same word in it twice!
Haha. Best tweet ever!
Your icon = definition of beauty.
Wild Wesley Dance Tonight!! Spread the Word Bring some friends. Worship @ 8 Dance @ 10 Dance Competition as weel
Thank god I was worried they were all following me
No dragon your feet! Our Year of the Dragon celebration ends Monday.
Montreal is pretty bad ass! Not like #Toronto though!
#raw10 I tell People, dont put your trust in Man, put it in God. 4 real, Man will let u down. Example: Like LeBron James did 2 Cleveland.
... I have a feeling I'm not leaving work until midnight.
just heard the new joint homie. Ur on the way son keep hustlin
2 ANY PERSON FRIEND FOE OR INDIFFERENT WHOS EVER HATED ON ME OR TALKED SHIT ABOUT ME 4 SIMPLY TRYIN 2 SQUARE MY LIFE AWAY KISS MY ENTIRE ASS
Idk Why But My Bed Feels Extra Good Right Now ..Time For A Nap
Call us now we might have an opening RT“: RSVP me a table next to the stripper pole !!!!”
Its Mr Count My Fuckin Money Backwards
Hi from EA glad to meet you!
it's going to so embarrassing, we had single once of just us!
-Im tellin the truth but now you just gotta believe me because i know i believe EVER One of your...
The Parlor this saturday.... yep...
Tommy ruins the broadcast for me. I love Gorman though. I prefer listening to Grande and Max.
We would like to thank our friends for their continued support and shout outs!!
I want some food.:-) #sonic maybe?
Last days for Coho Salmon sandwich!
Say what death at a funeral is on. #mymovie :')
Dodgers ARE on FIRE! #TriplePlay WOWZERS
Tears don't mean your losing everbodys bruising.
Nussbaum's making some Spivak-esque moves in relation to Western criticisms of the burka as anti-woman, objectifying, misogynist.
I think it would be safe to say... that is probably what I looked like this morning... Continued next tweet
Happy Friday Morning!!
The only good thing about pink slime is that it sounds as disgusting as it is. Yay?
Happy Happy Happy Birthday Matt! I hope your day is BEAUTIFUL!!! :)
": I have chills all over from Alicia Keys performance. So emotional! Send her home Alicia.... She's an angel"
Was tryna find out why I'm #tipsy af. come to find out the red juice I mixed with the orange juice had liquor in it.
I'm salivating right now thinking about the yummy German food tonight.
7 years, and still missing you. But your are in a much better place. We love and miss you, Grandaddy, Rev. Rogers L. Pruitt
haha i know right? I just wanna get an upper west side apartment in NYC and fill it up with all their shit
I'm starting to doubt if this Kony is even a real person & not someone the government just made up
just settle this like men! One tourney one game! if u wanna use OR go ahead. Well be scrimagen then
haha this is a special day!! In my life
Champagne Sunday's have started
AJ on KQ10 two hearts vs KQ and Jh9h all in on flop.... I hold (no idea how).. 25k going into dinner
The Atlanta Falcons played some pretty good football this weekend. Way to go Michael Turner! Great Day!
140 characters just isn't enough. Thanks for everything and congrats on your next chapter.
This time we mean it! Tonight's PBS' #AmericanMasters profiles Oscar-winning Jeff Bridges. On MPTV 36 at 8PM.
performing today. Here is my chance to crowd surf in the office.
cool story
loves how present #mendeley is on twitter. If only I could tweet a question about every app I use and get direct answers from the devs.
Employers plan to #hire 21% more recent #grads this year: goo.gl/5bg9z (via )
Finally eating dinner
Sounds perfect. See you tomorrow!
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
It's an extra day, people!!!! Allow that to blow your mind. What are you going to do with it (aside from just go to work or school)?
On tour, I encountered a venue where they referred to ERS's as "the long skinny ones" without a hint of irony
Things that I could care less about, and in fact am pretty sure are completely meaningless: State of the Union speeches.
lol where u from ?
Chiddy's new album is great!
What are you thoughts on bookmarking? Do you use them? What is your preference?
Thought Madonna was going to break into "Hey Mickey."
Miami Please step up tonight
What a small world!
hell yeah
Y'all tweaking some of them decent. Them first ones was ugly af doe
And just think- just two more years and we go through the Texas science standards process again.
Tomorrow we announce the applicants who will be invited for a live audition with at Radiant Studios! Good luck to ALL who entered
I don't like to think. Thinking makes me sad.
Please let that tiny Eurasian out from under your piano bench & come to Show this Friday! M Bar Hollywood!
favorites from the #oscarnominations : best supporting for melissa mccarthy!! & pina for documentary feature. i have got to see the artist.
Indeed it is! The best job in the world
not u too lol
Stuck at home all day again !
Just another day at the office. Looks like we still have room for more #interns! Tweet us for more info.
Ah. Fresh out the shower! It's hot in PDX today. That's the only thing that could cool this place down.
it became clear today why I hate college so much.
Thanks lovely :) You're an amazing #Sweetheart! Share with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
hey sweeite come out to my party this saturday?
Great ideas for higher ed instructor prep!
I'm not afraid of mashmallows. I'm just afraid of pronouncing it correctly, apparently. hahahaha
our drummer was 12
<U+C548><U+B155><U+D654><U+C81C><U+C694>? <U+C798> <U+C788><U+C5C8><U+C5B4> I have been learning to write in korean for the past year awesome huh? SHINHWA SAN talk to you later OPPA
“: Raise your hand if you like gas guzzlers #raisinghand #truck #jeep #hummer” <U+270B><U+270B><U+270B><U+270B><U+270B><U+270B>
So true! RT : The great thing about sports is all of our greatest arguements are settled right in front of us.
RT - ` I'm going w/the lions & New England Patriots.
I'm fucking tired of waiting for people and having to rush to fuckig school I'm gunna start just leaving you if youre not outside when I say
great hang last night, much thanks to Rich and the staff at Crown Victoria for putting up with our foolery
Yay! Time for with John Grunsfeld () of science / Jon Gertner of re 'The Idea Factory' aka Bell Labs!
thank you!!!
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get ur are to sleep
ROFL! "I can explain for you but I cant' understand for you" funniest quote ever
You learn something new everyday. Today I learned if you microwave a sponge for 20 minutes it catches fire.
very sad indeed. It's a national tragedy the rush to judgement by the media for news ratings is appalling.
so worth the wait!!!
I did what I needed to do now I'm back about to snap on all yu clowns that looked down on me!!
If i was your boyfriend , i never let's you go <U+266A>
#dhtrial standing for jury.. judge in place
Another glorious performance. 2 more chances next weekend to hear SIRENE.
The winners for Profotio “Doorways and Passages” have been selected and will be announced tomorrow. Be sure to check your email!
you know somewhere I can get a nice decent t mobile phone?
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
The Railways @ The Viper Room TONIGHT at 9pm sharp!.....my new band! Also...follow us on
New Links page is up.
thanks for coming yesterday! Glad to know I'm still running the town as I make 2X as much as you!
Yay! You excited??
I say YES. I am in love with the edible egg. It annoys me that my family members think eggs are a cholesterol risk.
clinton was after him. i wasnt born till 92. duh
Monical's doesn't usually see paper cut injuries!
Love the new picture!
omg yes!!! Lol @ the CEO guy of the water bottle company he looks like a clown
#ItCantWork if only your the one putting the 50% and the other isnt putting anything.
lol you have to tell me now! lol
Happily for community meeting. You should try it. Pliny the Elder is tasty
I didn't "get" Jandek until I took a bunch of Percocet while I had tonsillitis.
sounds like fun you ladies hitting the night life tonight?
I wish every day was negro day
The NBA doesn't promote Kobe Bryant the way it promotes other stars (especially Lebron James). But there isn't a better player in the world.
#yobitv For the record, the doughnuts were good. *burp*
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid, now... :-)
Getting my hair and make up done by my girlss! :) <3
Totally bummed DC canceled Xombi after such a great start earlier this year. 3 weeks into their New 52 crap and not much to be happy about.
I'll b tweeting @ the Oscar fashions on the red carpet & the ceremony..Who will be the most daring? Best dressed? Who r u rooting 4?
Dear Crow: Please fly away. I'm not superstitious, but you're clearly a bad omen of something. If nothing else, a bad omen of pooping on me.
Yeah it does!(;
Your love never fails, it never gives up, it never runs out on me
You don<U+FFFD>t know life until you know why you<U+FFFD>re living it. You must find your own purpose in it
you make a good point...
Thank you! Funny thing is that I took it with my iPhone 4S...edited slightly in Lightroom. Great beach.
with my grandparents
it is in greenwood smith valley and averitt rd right by greenwood high. Now but ud be okay to send ur resume in.
Well at least it's the ides of march....
I passed it but there was a problem and I have to take it again. in June which is some bullshit lol
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight with no vision. - Helen Keller
Thanks for sending, Zac!
#oomfneedsto understand how i feel
Marc Gasol is pure fat, but he's a beast.
Maybe is finally out of the shadow as "the girlfriend who broke up the Beatles."
In Vail or 13th Annual Real Estate ski week with Marty Burger and a list of fantastic people. Can't wait for the events to begin.
was he white?
Switched sessions - now talking about marketing to teachers!
": #NoMatterWhatImGonna Try, and try again. RT if you're determined." If at 1st u don't succeed dust yourself off and try again.
you guys just got off vacation and you're complaining for another one??
Not sure if all the comments I'm getting on my blog are spam or real people. :P
I'm only playing music 'cause I know you'll fuckin love it.
I Have A Lot Of Far Fetched Cracked Out Business Ideas. But I Really Think They'll Work Lmaoo
thanks for the #FF mention! Cheers!
I'm still kinda amazed at the lengths people will go to keep tabs on me...I really am not that important.
we play bear lakes and for my middle school team! and yeah broo i wish you could
#Fridaynight LAX Nightclub with DJ Gusto!! hit me up for guest list or table service 702-750-6103
Heck, I wanted to be a JOCKEY. But, I don't gamble, and don't approve of gambling. I'm a retired cleaning lady :D
Janet "That's The Way Love Goes"
haha thanks for relaying that :)
Can we end the baseball season now that the Mariners have a winning record, before they fuck things up?
DELICIOUS. POP.
#DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Bone Collector
“: ' here for opening of Follies ' an appt across the Plaza.” //Hmm, sorry to miss it
that is exactly right...literally and metaphorically.
thanks dude! love the brain you posted yesterday
Yesterday when I was fat, I sat around a lot like a tomcat. But now I choose to move my fatty ass, to slim down & shout "I declare combat!"
I like the "good stuff", haven't had any in awhile? save me some? LOL
happy birthday mrs. H
Merry Christmas Eve - may your holidays be filled with peace and blessings.
NC, are you ready to vote tomorrow? Don't forget to do your homework!
How did you find out about the death of Osama Bin Laden?
your mail server isn't working
I'm done talking about it in a good way. All this doesn't change playing the game & people exaggerate ... will still bring it.
I think I've reached the maximum level of boredom that one person can experience.
Picked up a shift at the dub! Come see me tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
There's still time to win that UMPT water bottle! How many classes have you attended this week?
can a navy sailor ask you all for a favor? Can you please retweet #gonavybeatarmy it would mean the world to us sailors
Great chatting w/ today about whats happening in the world of
A selfish bitch and I hope you Greece everyday realizing you lost a good friend #bitch !
No one likes a visit from Aunt Flow. Dogs included
I'm a real charmer!! ;)
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i am extremely outgoing and bubbly :)
Snowing in Lincoln Square. Guess Christmas is just around the corner, like all the retailers keep telling me.
Will someone tell me what website to put up all these statues that everyone keeps recycling
must be nice to be a handsome man!
ha kidding ;)
Even is upset by #BasketballWives RT : So disturbed by this episode.
Happy birthday, you!
I learned everything I ever needed to know about storm watching and allergies from strangers in the men's room today.
i'm a lifelong roadie who's so jealous of mtber's lines. wish i had their skills. mucho respect. i'll try again next week
Did u watch the #vegan Extreme Couponing episode? Had to watch but still seems like hoarding to me. At least some donate their freebies.
Thanks for the follow Shawn!
I guess you can call it that. Somewhere between that and dissecting the most vital issue of our time. Somewhere... :)
It is excellent, easy to understand and full of color, said former Member of Parliament Mr Gangsin Seongil. 10% off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
Some FINE ASS BROS @ SCARLET!!!
Yay! Glad to have you on board! What'd you pick up?
My favorite Indian proverb is: "Finders keepers, losers weepers."
How would one go around getting to spend a day with you? Would you do it if it was their birthday? Maybe?
Red Epic operating guide Http://red.cachefly.net/EPIC_ops.pdf
My new addiction: productivity.
it's the Shepards Pie hyun!
have you seen the director's cut? I haven't but heard it was good.
Not even getting involved with anyone until' I get home from florida
sure. You following me?
Porsche 356 to Bentley S1: Are these the most remarkable car designs ever?
So much respect for Taylor Swift.
Such a little love. :) <3
Werking hard in the studio on my way to pick up my studio headphones
send me all the pictures of me and keke
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out:First Friday of Lent? Head to the South Shore's Finest Fish Fry 414-762-8866 11a-8p
the real question is, was Nelly there?
Motivate - Fortune favors the brave.
:D You Love Madison.!<3 And I Love Vinny.!<3
Hey! With my job/other work I wouldnt be able2commit to writing a viable academic paper.I do have some from ug but I may go
when will season 2 of workaholics be on Netflix?
you can't control your emotions
Ahaha... now find everyone else you know! LOL
Hopefully Jazzy Jeff can make it to my graduation party.
What's your thinking on the link between diversity and innovation?
Experimenting with singing while using asthma inhaler b/c of inflammation. Kind of a revelation. O singers, so into our physical equipment.
McGee destroying the fakers Lmao.
It reminds me of that kid "Rufus, kid with excuses" on so random. haha.
too. Nice to be an early "follw"
They all operate on about 1/5 of the manpower remotely necessary for smooth operation, for one.
emailed Attorney General Martha Coakley regarding unethical business practices #Boston Daily Deals
Just met a guy working for Doppelmayr, the ski lift company, in Brazil. Rio is working on installing gondolas to service favelas!
The rescinded CP3 trade was the beginning of the end for the Lakers. Pau was a ghost last night.
YES! is the BEST!! RT I think a little bird told me that. How awesome. rocks, doesn't it?
Cheers , have a great weekend.
Great meeting you in London! Lets keep in touch bro!
I'm so hungry I could fuck a horse
Savannah & Her Cartoons >>>>>> Especially To Gabba Gabba.
I mean damn if you dont want her no more just let her know instead of lettin her fall in love with you and you know yall thru
i love australian accents ok
Searching for wine tasting events in LA...
Successful cover photo shoot in Rancho Santa Fe! Go team!!
's Deco-Fest.com fundraiser is TONIGHT! Come support it with 4 a chance 2 win free tickets 2 RhythmShuffle.com
No valentine for me
Thinking that the formals last night have something to do with the obscene amount of walk-of-shames this morning.
Lol, now THAT'S a breakfast. Enjoy! :)
Why must 99.9% of half-time shows suck?
Just Hope the time will come when people will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men. Go Vegan!!
We'll put it on our list! My daughter & I are both big fans :)
Gettin a new tat soon just need to decide where on me I want it
drinking beer out of a coffee mug...sometimes you just have to improvise...
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Twisting from table to table. Come in and Visit!
Happy birthday ! You're old.
I hate Mrs. Suarez <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> so unnecessarily loud so early in the morning
come to #schoonernight Jake is coming over at 630 to head over
no but he said he wasn't chase
Porcelian Raft is some good tunes. Moody, but just enough bleep-bloop to be fun. Check them out via
If you do not like numbers, then check back later for encoded images rendered as of the Maya sculptures. Coming shortly.
Hey guys, add us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/fromapathy
RT if you agree that Austin has a nice body!
Follow me because I'm following Christ
what a beautiful sunrise this morning... Another day to give and be thankful.
is my all-time chill artist. Just turn his shit up on my ipod & I'm set.
Right! And put the content where the users are looking for it. Films/audios to YouTube, etc.
You know new those songs you discover and listen to on repeat for the next few weeks? For me right now that is Some Nights by Fun. LOVE.
"My girlfriend sucked 37 d%#ks." "In a row?"
This is a great time to start dividing your perennials. If you do it correctly, you can have several beautiful thriving #plants to enjoy
lol yea he is
Just launched our facebook page today. Complete with new mixes of our songs
": You must let go of your ex to receive your next. You can't embrace the future while clinging to the past."
You know she a keeper if I'm not getting stressed out
IM PROVIN A POINT!x
Follow me??
Free the captives
My 300 tweet s/o goes to waking up at 10 am like a normal college student, not 0450!
or maybe she did notice... Haha
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Beginning the Housing Healing Process with HARP 2.0
no ma'am, no ham, no turkey! We are not!
Happy 13th birthday
team leader...oh yeah...I'll take that!
nice way to start !
trainview off by 15 minutes? reliable!
going to buy vans - tip for zombie survival. don't wear vans while running from zombies, they're uncomfortable and easily broken
Nice cover photo, beautiful ladies!
Find out what time they'll be back in Charlotte. I'll meet y'all there!!!
there is a special on diving on the history channel right now!! I'll pick up some tips for ya ;)
": I didn't reheat pizza leftovers... I ate em cold. #GutsyCall"
Yes! Why is she not much more well-known?
yeah I saw that too That's a girl who took my pic from facebook. And I don't see how but ok.
Merry Go Round Tour
RT Aren't they great? We can't make posters (rights managed) but you can find them in The Ashington Group book!
can we be part of those group of white kids???
Anyone out there have an extra Google+ invite? I'd be super grateful!
Great idea by - make a potential customer questionnaire for your Facebook page - I'm going to steal this for my business!
Okay, I need this.. -- Going LIVE on-air with the boys @ zenlive.tv --- Stop tweeting me and start calling in!
": Roses are red violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic and so am I."
One of the best ways to study is to go out for some ice cream and then get home and fall asleep.
Welcome to the Twittersphere! Happy to help w/ any tips or advice you need in this crazy world of 140c. :-D
Verified accts are a Catch 22. Verification is so u know it's REALLY them tweeting, but most verified acct's pay someone to tweet for them.
oh ok i forgive you (;
Happy Mothers Day :D
#MelanieAmaro America got it right!!! Spectacular superstar wins X Factor USA!!!
I want to be the gravity in your universe.
. I think there is merit to that. Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?
So excited for #WITS tonight! Last time I saw in concert was in Decorah, Iowa circa 1988-89.
no i dont rave, but there's always a first time for everything right?! O.o
I am the better person and I dont have to prove it to anyone because the people who truly care see it(:
Ladies n gentlemen, i have a hater RT : your not a thug tho your the complete opposite.
wow, I didn't know this word but it makes sense once you read the definition ;-D
True, you'll be a great value pick. Lots of upside; a difference maker; raw talent, but student of game.
With the opening of the Academy of Music on 14 street in 1854, Castle Garden was no longer needed as an entertainment center....
Are panel passes just for the indoor events? Or does it also include the LA Times Stage/other stage events? Thanks!
Glad you approve! I had two tonight! RT : I'd consider it exempt. The booze mellows it out!
ihatewhen you see a hot girl and she is smoking...GROSS
good ginger
Follow the homies
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> we think that can be arranged.
Braun robbed of an inside the park homerun by TLR's voodoo doll.
cool :) , because victor i'll be here next week and we can go out for do something !
Thank you for following!
An epic of epic epicness.
The gym down the street from the office just opened a rooftop pool and bar and there is wifi. Thank God for laptops!
haven't you ever seen a chick hold a beer in one foot before?
awwh thank you! x
read Lorrie Moore's Anagrams. She writes for writers and makes me cry/laugh at same time.
joking. Where is that sense of honor we've all come to love?
Belichick Chokes on 4th Down again!
And I told him to kiss my ass. Later.
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
are you in the living room?
kids, kids. To quote Rodney King, "can't we just get along?"
And Anthony is just not gonna include me. *long sigh*
cant wait to see Janet Jackson perform....
final drafts coming in from devil in civil war. They re all poole this and poole that!
has the best followers and fans they always show so much love
New conference table is in! We moved it ourselves which proved to be a bigger challenge than we had predicted. ;-)
I read this yesterday. It appears his mom/wife helped him w/the kidnappings/murders? What's relationship w/missing ppl & Mayes?
should i use to clips and clip my bangs to the side of my head... Lol.. Do you know what im referring ?
Juniors: Lol we're almost there. That's gotta count for something, right?
I've misplaced a dogwood tree. Also, I suppose I should double-check which trees were destroyed & update their records. :/
Frank Francisco is the Mets' version of Wayne Hunter.
OK, so if you really think about it, folks, we're all working for free today. Just putting it out there.
YES lol, that should not be your end goal!
Best hashtag of the week goes to for #bearlife. Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
awe thank you so so so much!
Those are quite possibly the most adorable dogs I've ever seen!
We have no choice but to be successful if we manage our time and productivity better
Don't take the nipple away from the baby- Heimerl
Teachers who know how to play classical guitar
Yes, but we are not sure where at this point. Best place to guarantee a copy is at www.radiantrecords.com
I have on good authority that when you call up heaven, their hold music is the Boredoms.
I like that -- give 'em the 'rules' *after* they're excited about materials.
I think so
nope i promise it wasnt me. hah
a little pissed... my screen on my laptop is a cracked in the corner...
I didnt know you had a twitter lol
Yeah! Let's call it Club Seal!
Anyone who has an eye for art let me know cause I wanna see ur work!
Anyone who tags me with a picture of a shoe, hacked or not, is dropped as my "friend".
Happy mothers day to all the mommies out there! I was blessed with the best. :) #loveyoumumzy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
BLUEWAFFLE LOL ;) IM KIDDING Lol you know i love you
Fox59 had a slo-mo vid of you entering a restaurant; kind of looked like a Bigfoot sighting. Welcome to our city!
Sin Dios y sin las Mamas no fuésemos nada.
If you can pronounce the place you work
big headache for the bighead lol
#8Mile is on again tonight.(;
the cancer!
After the Shitty day that everyone had yesterday... I hope that everyone has an Awesome day!.
Cutest Zoo Babies
Good morning #SXSW. Team #Shindig is in the house...What are you most excited to learn today?
ugh on my way to math -_-
When I was buying condoms, the check out girl asked me "Would you like a bag sir?" I replied No thanks, she's not that ugly.
We're fans - thank you for having us!
Pierrette, thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas, and a great new year.
sorry i miss read. i got u on the follow back :)
I would rather swallow broken glass.
I'm fine! Haven't been treated yet. But the place is by a shake shack. Yes!
Please rain be gone by 10 pm..
Awesome!!! I hope we get to see you!
That I know I should have and now that I have wonder what made me wait.
damn wait you are to hoe
hey Mo. How many years has it been?!
We will see, I control my own destiny!
tonight i'm making a photo album for my two-year-old nephew's bday. :)
Ha. Right! Disorganized sports sounds like what my boys are doing before their mother tells them to go outside! :)
Watched Amazing Race tonight and they were in Kerala India. Very cool! :)
you cute or w.e but o wadd you know my nigga Ant
lololol. Remind me?
What is this fraggin' migraine teaching me now?
I know she really is, that's why I consider myself lucky to have her :p
I'm just going to wallow in my sickness. I hate the mucus in my throat, worst taste ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
P.s. I left my purple ballpoint pen on the stage. If your group goes up next could you please get it?
: At the president's opening session on archaeology in the media...what kind of information goes into a #SAA77 press pack, I wonder?
Your answer wants to switch focus&does not put down the facts we presented you with about solar energy.
check out the spy museum.. very cool! Have fun!
hey there. Any chance of a weather forecastfor Saturday in West Lafayette Indiana for Purdue game ?
If being a bitch is what it takes to make my point clear then I guess thats what ill have to be
nice! Sounds like a perfect night!
Castro Benedict sounds like a very fancy breakfast... and I approve of this meeting.
DNT SND ME THOSE DAMN DMS. KEPT ME UP ALL NITE RETARDS!
You kidding? If I have an accidental baby anytime soon there's no way I'm giving up my stay at home rights!
A special thanks to Lakeview Christian Church for your hospitality and kindness. We had a great time worshipping with you all this morning!
Screaming Bloody Murder
Come here, rude boy,boy can you get it up? Come here rude boy, boy iz you big enough? ;]
do you mean the stuff in _abcoll.py?
tryna rub in everyone your my favorite LESBIAN lol I LOVE U
Salted caramel + Frangelico and Nilla Wafers?
Thats why I am going to sue.
thank you for following you never know what free giveaways we'll do and when, so make sure you follow us to be in the know!
What an incredible Sunday School Class today by and at they're an anointed ministry team
...broke a nail, and killed it.
is it just me or did that tweet trigger a bunch of spam? Lol
Today is goin by TOO slow. Ugh.
im already following u it say im taychill1 on instagram
DWTS needs to call #chadevans2! #wronglyconvicted for a murder w.out physical evidence? That's crazy!! Wake up Mr. Governor in NH! WAKE UP
No school for me today...-_-
It's a new beginning <3
no, unless you mean the grown men slapping each other with foam swords at summit city.
RT : President O: National Hearing on Contraception-- The Man Show :)
totally understandable, thanks anyway! Next time
Corrected: Apple's iPad boosts FT online subscriptions
dude you have I talk to you man. Somehow I didn't knew interface when I saw your video and somehow I can do it but I need help!
on my life bro
Bailee, Hanna I love you guys so MEGA. OWE you BIG TIME (jamaican accent) Thank you thank you :)
When/If Cook gets out of the slammer, he should be banned from the NFL. It won't happen, but it should. He's not that good anyways
chola your fat
Congrats!! That's awesome. :) Friday the 13th is lucky for me too (mostly growing up, but I've always liked it, anyway).
ok dat was a total fail lmao..maybe next time and least we got free drinks!
Yeah friday
Thanks for RTing this out to your network. We hope #WWJF finale went smashingly, the Sweethearts was fantastic.
needs to be held accountable for his reckless tweets destroying an old couple's life.
This better mean that Joan and Roger get back together...
Ma heart heart i cant deal wit it i dnt want it to b like dis i worked so hard for dis i put ma heart n soul n dis n i got to let go
Go get some Kava from Sean and tell him I said it was complimentary... it will chill out and relax you quick.
“: Game day suit(check) hublot watch(check) beats by dre(check) reppn Miami's own Rick Ross on ipod(check). #Let's Go Heat”
same here. Lol
To the person who ships me books now: your predecessor boxed them in PERFECT alphabetical order. Just saying.
we think facebook! :)
fbcd GETTING major VOLUME
UI UX Designer - Tired of the city? Email us about an opening in Bend, OR.
Very cool video! The sockers are awesome! Thanks for sharing! Awesome local doc!
Cripes. Liverpool just 50% on penalties kicks this yet? Psh. Shouldn't have been a shot. anyway.
yup. Which one do you like? I have redlaser
nice pants... can i test the zipper?
Have any men out there ever gotten stalked by someone online? #pii2012 #piiLabs I wasn't actually scared by it - I was too busy to care.
If you can provide a route number, direction, location and time this happened we would like to look into it. Thank you.
Pawn Celeb News; Due to the fact made a public announcement be was battered and aborted a child ppl are blasting her
right. Like noone is hiring xD
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
Great job tonight!
Tiger might miss the cut lol
Yes, bday party was great! Kindergarten boys are so funny and cute.
Obama to Mitt "good luck tonight"
All These Sunny Days.. But People Actin' Shady, Telling Me They Really Love Me.. But Silently They Really Hate Me
My punk ass is down in Tampa until Sunday ;)
welcome to Twitter Corey! Follow Cody as well! Haha
Keep ya feelings to yourself
y'all just need to become better pack rats like me haha
do i have the exact price alredy? :)
Say hi to her from me!! We have to get together f2f soon!
RT : Trying a new Google Reader iPhone client "Newsie" and thus far impressed.
Get "Jimmy's" right across you're heart... #orsomewhereelse;)
Obama on past Barnard Commencement speakers: "You set a pretty high bar: Hillary Clinton, Meryl Streep, Sheryl Sandberg."
My Jimmy Johns is taking far too long.
Hey thanks for following me :)
...yes when she was singing about "her" Jesus..Jaz said wow that's a powerful God!
Last day in the Vox office and I'm making last-minute changes to this week's feature.
m he hurt his leg like 2 weeks ago and idk he's been getting skinnier after that
Grocery shopping, apartment cleaning and Zoolander with the roommates. This calls for 1 thing and 1 thing only: ORANGE MOCHA FRAPPUCCINOS!
This year I am thankful that Bin Laden is dead and I that I only have to put up with Obama for 13 more months. Thank you God.
Received a Word in due season today. All I could say was Amen. Experienced a great deliverance.
have some stuff to tell u *** important*** write back please
If hockey fights were fake, you would see me in more of them.-- Rod Gilbert
Good Morning, Lube Nation! We're already thinking about dinner. Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night!
what about them gold dollars worth like 100 each, they got it marked down to like 4 for 20 lmfao
Track was good.
Is stupid excited to have finally found a taco shop in Denver that has a California burrito!
I used to live in Menomenee Falls. Their 24 hour Wal-Mart is the shit! lmaooo
great and u?
Almost done with two hot songs LESS GO
What does it take to get one of those bowling balls?
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) - Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck has won the Walter Camp Foundation's award as college football's player of the year
I agree. Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
Awesome! Who says all the news coming out of Syracuse University is bad these days?
This happens to me ALL the time :/
its still not the same like watching it live
to keynote , , and about Open and Agile: Accelerating Change and Institutional...
aha I am wrong indeed if that is the case. Sorry to group you w the proletariat.
I'm pretty sure he's about to tear my ass up.... wish me luck
I want pancakes
Reminiscing about those college days. Sometimes I wonder how the heck I survived and passed. Always made the 2.0 just to stay in the frat.
lmao Gasol needs to sit down from that one...
.just dance is broken. it only recives my movements half the time.
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY AND #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY TO ALL OF YOU MOTHERS !!!!! : ) <3 I LOVE YOU MOM
Are you tired of not understanding where the food trucks will be? Well problem solved. Just "FOLLOW" me and ill tell you where they are.
What ever happened to Donell Jones?
Congratulations to our students who are done with finals, and good luck to those who have not -- so close to the finish line!
p.s. email me! you never told me what happened last week!
Getting excited about all of the community projects that we have coming up!
Rudy Gay
Playing a show in our hometown of Cincinnati SATURDAY NIGHT at come drink bourbon... damnit
you got this! Kane is going down!
Why God created it for marriage only. RT : Sex really complicates things.
trinamahone <<--- FOLLOW HER !! ASK A FOLLOWBACK AND GET TA KNOW HER BETTA!! <U+2665>
u r awsome call me im almost home lol <3 miss u lets do somtin tomorrow come get my nails done wit me lol
Doing make-up work is NOT the business right now -.- I regret not doing them on time.
"ROI of social media is that your business will still exist in 5 years"-Eric Qualman
Welcome to Dinosaur Annex's home in twitter! Looking forward to connecting with all our new music tweeters!
My stomach aches from my laughing at that Chapelle sketch. Brilliant.
I know, hahahaha!
My job is awesome - love planning fun custom collabs with &
What's a good tool to clean up Twitter followers? I've tried about 6 already!
jesus you look awful there bud.
on my way home listening to the tyranny of distance. it's a fucking perfect record
Wouldnt it be awsome if you could get Morgan Freemans voice on a GPS? It would be like he's narrating your travels.
The police just tried to race us on the interstate. What kind of shit is this.
Oh, oh...I wuv you too!
oh no! i think that is why I am getting referred to hootsuite with everything that i find now.
Feels good to be back in the big apple
It's about 80 here today!
Is Rex Ryan there?
"Live, laugh, and grow fat" - quote on the hat of a guy passed out across from me in the airport.
i absolutely despise that term. i don't know why, it sounds so freakin creepy.
Gushing rain at La Mansion de Oliver. Which is OK in my book.
Pilates with me + The great outdoors...What more could you want? ;)
": I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"" :( I eat souls.
Peanut butter & chocolate
foreal? Man I didn't remember!
I agree with a hearty AMEN!!! Control is a delusion
Glad you had a good time. Thank you for coming down!
hey bibzzzzzzzz how r u i know its after school but how u doin'
VC would have exploded if we scored there!!
"Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum. "
#Pact is going to be a huge huge company.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Thanks for the follow, Nicole.
Hey everybody, you can download our music for free check it out
this isn't a bad saturday, but shit tomorrow is Sunday and were back to school...
Agree! MRT : IMHO When you willingly to talk about the challenging times openly, learning is increased tenfold
Where's the music teacher?! O.o last day to take the music test :o
Why not grade them outside?
Next time then. RT : “: Hope you had a great weekend.” I had to study all weekend!
only for chemistry or home room lol and i think i had a spanish 3 class up there lol damn that was a long time ago
so sorry you cannot make #govwebcon, hope you can follow on the twitterfall - will say Hi to !
Oop the happy dev house is this Saturday MARCH 31
are bent on giving someone a seizure with their commercials this season
... but would you rather listen to a RUSH song?
T2 - but heck, if it's only contribution is to push Facebook to improve, that will be worthwhile.
Everyone go see at
Amen to all of the above (or below, depending how you see it) haha
Are you doing this to me because I don't share your love of unicorns?
Some days everything seems infinitely possible
Didn't plan on waking up from surgery & being rushed to ER, but home now & I am doing ok.. Thanks to all my friends and family <3
I know bro It did look like the dale
Enjoying and The Power of Erma
ill bet someone knows stole her iphone.
skype me today chump...
WTF was I thinking!
Oh wow " sexy and I know it " by LMFAO is #2 on much music countdown :( but on the upside "haven't had enough" is #3 :)
THE BEST! I enjoyed your tweet about the Lannister family motto :)
zimmerman is hispanic
Apologies! Am in SF on biz and haven't had an opportunity to log into twitter until now. What's your tomorrow afternoon like?
She's a lil monster!!! Where the wild 1's go, lol:)RT : The party can start now that Milania has arrived!
Has anyone noticed Wisconsin jobs haven't gone up much because firms unsure of political outcome? Anyone, ANYONE?
I second that motion.
#gcyale Dempsey: We need to educate judges about tech. That's what we got right in Reno v. ACLU.
Snap Fitness tonight. :p
Awesome, thanks... I'm hoping to get the clearance when we get back from San Antonio in a few weeks.
Remember when you had like NO followers? Yeah, that. Well help out and follow him! ;-)
Thanks to and for their help in the attempt to push me over the 100 followers mark. I was able to add 2 for 99.
wow! I decided I want to travel around the US to visit sports venues and drink different beers
glad we could share the love! :)
no mud chalk? :)
Kind of surprising, but whoever thought #Whitney was going to make it to the ripe old age of 50 was fooling themselves.
Relationships are beautiful.Love & cherish the people in your life, give respect & earn their respect.If issues arise work toward a solution
Official doesn't have the luxury of multiple replays and has to make the call then and there, and at game speed I'd called it too.
Happy National High Five Day! Stop by our office (739 SW 10) from 9-5pm today & give us a high five for $10 free driving.
Email VIP support about that one.
Fighting my car's bad alignment while I drive is a wonderful work-out for my arms.
Showing "Rinse the Blood from My Toga" afterward helps enormously.
Might just need a venti this morning..
I do. I watched some of the last season at Lost Love Lounge.
great - thank you!
I love you.
A Conversation at Ten Chimneys with Olympia Dukakis, Friday, July 29th at 8pm! Tickets: www.tenchimneys.org.
lol I know right!
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
If I follow where you're going with this, that series ends in 4, #Yotes sweep. Only thing stranger than NJD-PHO Cup would be that.
Florence and the Machine flippin' ROCKED!!
What music are you listening to?
haha I saw that but wasn't gonna say anything!!! :)
RT : Q7: when attending performance show, do u attend known companies or smaller?
April Fools!!
last night i went to my friends house which was fun we watched the pens game then hung out til like 1am
nah im good, whats changing my haircut gonna do for me? Lol its not gonna change my life lol
Best thing i've heard all day...The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese!
Just finished reading what I would consider the best novel by Gary Paulsen. Harris and me.
Thought McCain said Romney should chose Palin. Did he mean "lose"?
hey im back! noww
that's happening on the 7 train
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air..and TURN UP THE MUSIC!!!!
Legends home stand against GVL starts tonight. Don't miss the excitement. And don't forget to use your UW-Legends vouchers for your tickets!
hey boo. Go on dj tq page. She asked if anyone wants to make the campus live intro song.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person...your behavior does.
I just realized that my Glade plug in lasted longer than #KimKardashian s marriage.
Hahahaha, I almost RT'd this too. Did you decide on Yeast for Saturday, I would say London ESB, but you will have a higher FG.
you are the best I ever had, mom :).
sweet, crispy and a lot of delicious. sweet potato is the newest flavor to hit the shelves at
We're looking for Seattle-area, like-minded organizations to collaborate on a tweetup. Interested? Message us!! We love networking!
not today, i will when i get home though... i took 2 advil pm about 30 seconds before i hit my head- oops
We will be cheering you on tonight!
Spotted: cycling one handed across 42nd Street, wearing a dapper tweed jacket. Never seen anyone look so elegant on a bike!
Babysittin for free what don't judge me
mass media hw. sucks.
cuz she be going ham
Will take more than a Petition. I'm prepared to take it on. We need to fight! Corporations are not people.
oh yeah! Me too I jumped ship for ONE DIRECTION!
So who would be down for us to so a stickam before I leave for vacation, maybe tonight at 7? Hmm...
I feel like i've been neglecting my husband.. I love you babe! <3 (;
It removes the ability for a truly impassioned fanbase to actually give the networks/advertisers what they want.
Hi I'm here to ruin ur life no matter how happy you are with him :D Sincerely the Bitch Keolani
That boy is sexy fine.
Just caught this old fuckin dude taking a picture of my behind, good thing Momma was next to me to bitch him out.
Follow Eminem, and senior golfer
thanks for the follow! We are all HUGE fans
We could never rival Philly's goodness but we're happy to remind you of home.
Lmfaooo @ metta war! Lol ": Is Metta World War behaving this time? :-p"
good! Booze gotta love booze
Cohen moves into Part I of his talk, titled "Petrol Telepathy"
you should feel awesome...I mean u can't tell a lie ;)
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that my new shoes are waiting for me at the apartment!
You bugging, cut them checks. You A BOSS.
m that ones tough ;)
#ConfessionHour I LOVE ALL RUSHERS!!
Recently back from Costa Rica try our Costa Rica Coffee gelato- muy bueno!
The office is divided. Gif with a "juh" or "guh" ???
Was up. How you been?
I like the Zooey D ad...don't think it's elitist, do you? She's just so cute!
Whoa! Twitter just took on a mind of its own!
Ha. "Ladders" gave me the first big laugh of the night.
Happy Thanksgiving to one and all.
Mad Shout out to Paul Dang & crew @ 720 Cafe 4 a delicious bruch w/ some righteous spinning sounds, spins, & vibrations for da body & soul.
Ambassador Vineyard Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Very nice, ur a lucky man.
I honestly haven't looked at my team once since we drafted
Thank you so much! Happy Weekend! RT #FF Because she generous and funny!
when I ask for a favor there should never be a why… like past the salt, some one say ''why?'' BITCH… WHY NOT ! !
Uuuugghghgh this is why i hate trains!
I hate those dreams that are so very plausible in reality then you wake up thinking it really happened. Annoying!
I love <3
You can't be the same height as me and expect to be wearing "the pants."
BUST THAT PUSSY OPEN FROM THE BACK
24 Hours Until Tax Day: 7 Reasons We Procrastinate (and How It Costs Us)
An absolutely gorgeous day in #Vegas!
And more! I'll be passing on Practical Veterinary Urinalysis...
Stop being a bitch. God damn.
So much nostalgia right now. As much as Doom (and the sequel) were amazing, Duke Nukem 3D was the pinnacle IMO.
Cant force nobody to be somebody they dont want to be
2 1/2 hours until my day is over and I can't wait!!!!
Nice!! Keep up the good work. RT : that's me and all I get are As
my cat is still glued to our screen keeping a guard out for anymore frogs LMAO
I'm surprised/skeptical that "most" DCPL patrons have smartphones. But love that they were first to have lib app
Oh my god MARGARET IS FINALLY PLAYING IN DC!?
You mighta seen me in the streets, but [playa] you don't know me...
I love it! I just thought of a brand new social networking tool for the kids... are you ready for it? It's called, "outside."
i've moved 12x as well soon 2004. i am so over it.
being retired sucks - i've worked more this week than when I was employed full time
Lol @ American Dad
"When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace." ~Author Unknown... JUST KEEP BREATHING & have an incredibly amazing week. :)
The new Silversun Pickups album didn't grab me on the first listen. This is one that it takes a few to appreciate.
Trying to plan a seasonal lunch menu for K-3 through grade 6 kids starting in Fall - any suggestions?
please follow so I can DM you. Thanks.
first one better than the first quarter (or third)
Don't let your eyecare benefit slip away. Book your eye exam now. Use your FSA money up before the end of the year
Orange soda + Oreos + Unwritten Law = Creativity
Ooh! are you the party of the first part, or the party of the second part. :)
i c y u said it further up. Just pray.
yes! and apparently has a better camera...
i hate my braces!
that sounds delicious. let me see how i feel - i've been hacking and coughing for days now. - sinus infection bo
free margherita with purchase of a soda tonight for dinner with my wife ? i think so
Right! I already told her that this is gonna be an everyday thing this week. haha
#CNNdebate Don't you think you'll have to give Obama some credit in order to get some crossover votes to win the presidency?
On route to Moose Jaw, by way of Minneapolis... about to fly over the Land of Laufenberg in Western WI... Big Wave!
Joe warren is a beast!
The Patapsco has named their latest app. Details coming soon…
Brandy Chastain ripped her shirt off.
my ticket was free. What's your excuse? Haha
Time to get my butt over to the gym!!!! I can't believe healthy living is my new addiction.
hahaha, dale! where?!
Buttercup just had #9 WHOA !! more than I predicted for her .
I'm sorry baby but when I came home I brought u to bed did u like it?
I definitely keep posting things to all good twitter that are meant for here
What's up? I know you bought Moms something nice, next time shop DPC
I know I have said this before, but I hate the "manly" dr. pepper 10 commercial and I f*cking resent that they show it during Fringe
Well, it definitely started in Nebraska, if not Omaha. Shut up, let me be proud of my home state for something.
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel...
So... what's all this gangsta rap about in my dreams?
doesn't change the fact that I needed that (yes I am pissed I have to be at work and not at home boozin it up)
10 minutes of hardcore stairs, weight training, 50 REAL pushups, and killer ab work...
"we'll tell you what the plates are for... A little later!"
Friends or not, a team mate is a team mate.
Yoga is amazing <3
if cancels im gonna be crying for about a week i just love the morning newscast!
Peer pressure is so annoying. Let me do me.
It has nothing to do with it...I have a 50 inch TV at home...What does THAT say??..
Summer is here and I'm done pledging in other words I better you !
Actually, I would love to know who watched every single bowl game. That would be an accomplishment as well as a candidate for Eharmony.
Me too. I typically try to gauge their interest in learning compared to their desire to just have the answer.
Gas prices up 83% during Obama's tenure. And no pipeline...with no viable major alternative fuel...during the worst economy of my lifetime.
... im good. hows things wit u?
I love your imagines !<3
Sounds fun! All our auditions have been in LA. Yawn.
While I was in Alabama I couldnt help but think about .
Interactive Fiction meme seems to be crossing my path alot this week
is on his way to the Emory
I always cut my hair when I'm bored. I'm gonna end up being bald one day.
All the Mister Moms who handle both parental roles..YOU'RE special too..."Come on doooowwwwnnnn"
Elie Wiesel has fought humanitarian crimes. He went to the Soviet Union & reported on the persecution of Soviet Jews in The Jews of Silence.
One up you, according to Transformers Detroit is in the Nevada desert.
Enjoyed that Hooks Vs. Bridges 2! always kills it on yhe mixes! Sound and music was real nice!!
When you get calls from drunk people & you can't help but to laugh hahaha aww someones tispy lol
End this game already Cards!
it all how u look at urself u are responsible for ur own happiness
I think it's time to stop waitin on other people and make something happen
shut up!!!!!!!! I was playing draw something with u the other day!!!
That was pretty, while maybe unintentional, very pretty!
. Isn't that awesome?? We were pretty pumped too!
Im seriously in the best mood:)
the club still update their own library a couple times a year?
TUES: Senior Advocacy Workshop in City Heights. Learn to communicate to elected officials.1:30 p.m. #Free 4065 43rd Street.
Could the ravens trade back?
Happy Birthday!
If you haven't yet! Follow for updates on the tour!
Finding a key to paradise
#smokeweedeveryday just came on the car radio shutout to
Toats gonna fail this math taks
Just another reason why I don't give out glassware. Selling Pepsi and Iced Tea out of the never increases my beer sales.
I fucking hate these fucking flashback memories.
Mirage. Close to everything.
do you know what the #bestbandintheworld is ONE DIRECTION!!! <33333
Follow , the coolest cat in #Milwaukee, ya digg!!!
by the driving school!
sounds good
I would totally join you for that.
so over watching the sabres play the sens.
Pat, what days were you thinking of going to Chicago?
Looking for a new apartment. Oh the possibilities! Though fees are quite discouraging.
who are you talkin bout in all your tweets :/
Milwaukee- Chicago's younger, blind, midget brother.
Facebook is buying Instagram? UGH FB just go away
Seriously when r u gonna be on?!
Nobody in the studio had the nerve to say "Escuse me, Mr. Bono, that's not quite right..." #nocojones!
Hi Jeff! Thanks for your tweets and interest in GoingOn. Would you be interested in a demo of the product? Would love your input.
tonight! Who's going to ?
confirmed flights for Palm Springs. It's going to be a great day.
We're about to go get lunch...any suggestions? What are you all having today?
these photos you are posting are tinier than my pinky nail.
I love that is always on twitter. He probably won't see this, but if he does...... Hello there. How are you?
Getting geared up for lots of audio and video projects for Hanson Harmonies and our other clients.
and that will be?
1. lingerie is not a birthday gift for her, its a gift for you, so, no. 2. know the correct size, especially if you're (1/2)
Mayor Gray: “We cannot do this alone…The people of the District – ALL of the people – must be a part of these efforts.”
mixing tonight for album. so many tracks, so little time!
Every so often on Friday afternoons, I think - Ya, this week. I owned it. Things just clicked. I like that feeling.
:Tom JoePa was never on trial.He was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
Lilac sunday with my mom :)
well, they have a lead right now.
S/O to everyone who can't stop hating on Boosie..y'all sound like real BITCHES!
If you aint got a dream, you got nothin
And to you as well!! : Happy TGIF
I need to make my schedule for next year.
Blizzard or not, our 50% off sale is still happening this Saturday! Get those boots ready and come on down!
Falling asleep to rain is quite calming but waking up to ice all over your car and on the roads surely isn't. ;)
okay, catch you later!
Love going 0 mph on my way to work!!!!
Remember When You Could Get A Real Burger Or Dog in NYC for $1? Well, You Can Again - via
Don't ever let anyone tell you you can't. For you can do ALL things through #Christ!
You're not the only one to wish our director would, um, insert herself into her work!
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
So exited I just bought the whole 1st season of glee for $15! Heck yea!
yea thank you your my BFF
"it doesn't fit in a Rolodex because it doesn't belong in a Rolodex" bwah ha ha!
happy mothers day!!:)
Cuz that's what we do... Expect the best from everyone and anyone. But NEVER lower your expectations!! You are n deserve the best
I see. Why wouldn't you want your ticket sale representatives adapting to trends in the evolving marketplace?
you kno I love all my brotha DJs but sometimes I be feelin like yall....well lets just say thanks!!!LMAO
Rico Muerte just signed with Full Circle Studios!!!
Back in the U.S. 10 page paper due on Tuesday, ugh.
Still in Chicago even though Expo #SSE12 is over? Enjoy a Segway tour of our city! Attendees receive $10 off! 312-552-5100
At #IECA12 and want to reach more clients? Stop by our table and enter the drawing for an integrated marketing package values at $5,000!
I wasn't going to give out this LOCK, but my little losing streak must come to an end NOW
Fuck that! If that is the case, nobody "deserves" happiness. Stop worrying about what you think you deserve and enjoy life!
Why thank youu :)
i want $ to buy non-school related books
Kansas St QB looks decent.
"The fear of the Lord is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate." -Proverbs 8:13
I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
So pissed off. Mum won't let me go to the summertime ball and Justin and loads of other artists I wanna see will be there :/
Hungry......about to make poor life choices in the potato chip aisle.
I am seeing Wilco on Friday!! Can't wait!!
I miss their falafel sandwiches. I lived off those in college.
Think I want a tattoo on my ribs
And thanks to who told me about the recall and basically did all the work for me to get my free iPod Nano!!
#Yoga time!
Bill Polian is full of shit. Bad analysis of Russell Wilson
How to kick a winning Field Goal, by Billy Cundiff
I think I'm going to go buy myself a iPod shuffle today and get my podcast on during my runs. Now, what color should I pick...?
also the main character from GTA3 doesn't say a word
I just saw thiss!!! I Love You too .... even though this morning was a lil rough teehee
Question to the dancers: when did you start dancing?
better than Final Destination 2 and Next Friday combined.
lol me to instead of tweeting bout rocs hair
I say back knee was down no TD
"Reno is the Austin, TX of Nevada"
Seriously...RT: Daylight savings time you owe me an hour of sleep
“: What to do with an empty house...??” practice your strike three call haha!
Have an ass kickin' birthday today Brenna!
Teachers have been really moody lately.
Thanks 4 the suggestion! I've been meaning to address neurofeedback for ADHD 4 awhile, but haven't gotten around to it yet!
but disease can't hold me back from jeremy linning tonight via rec basketball
If i didn't have so much homework tonight, it'd feel like summer.
Thumb thru that check
Being an adult sometimes means turning down a whirlwind trip to NYC to go to the Caps/Rangers game at MSG. Boo.
my good fans. they brought me to where i am now
I'm about take a few minutes to to recuperate.
Rangers with their 1st power play.
you can get a copy of our #Sephardic #cookbook at the #OVS #Gift #Shop!
MY NEW SINGLE "ALMOST THERE" NOW ON ITUNES VIA www.cdbaby.com/cordellakajc
Love it keepem coming.....
I just love Selena Gomez, why should I explain something? IT'S MY FUCKING CHOICE, HATERS.
Thank you to my family, friends and supporters for braving the elements tonight. Both events were a success!
thanks for the support! We cover the & try 2 cover EPL/Champions league as much as we can.
I like you anyway. can we find a common ground in 60 degrees and sunny?
Every time I'm listening to a song, I make up a music video in my head.
HEY , I'M GONNA TYPE IN ALL CAPS JUST TO ANNOY YOU! IS THAT OKAY W/ YOU, DUDE?
So now you're gonna lick and fuck it? Hahahaha sorry. I'm just giving you a hard time.
but they're so GOOD at that! :P
you are so right he is busy...we just gotta praise our lord louder and let our voices be heard!!!
yellowcake changes everything
proud to be working with ya bro!!!! I got 2 words... Scorsese / DeNiro...
It's KRISTIN. Not Kristen. Not Crystal. Not Christian. Not Kiersten. Not Bob.
John Reiss workshop at PushPush, is reasonably incredible!
"it looks like you have a comb over"
I need a man that's dedicated to the game and not just playin a role.... Anything else is gonna lead to problems!
"#love makes life complete"
Success can bring fake friends and true enemies, watch your circle carefully..
Settings>AccountTab> Check "Protect my Tweets"
Husker Who???
I have no idea why there is a hashtag there.
lol get it then
Even the Pittsburgh transplants here don't even care about the Pirates, lol!
Let's see how many of us miss our flights today! Not I! *runs down terminal* HAHA
somebody loves baby, well it aint me
Paradigm Madison has Transplants that need to go! Buy 1 get 1 deals are here! Buying a lot? We'll work with ya!
Despite all the our issues and complexes, flamenco still goes on. Art doesn't disappear.
would you dare say that IPA is.... Best in the World?
Back to day labor, to get money coming back in. I'll be digging a ditch the next few nights. Go me! *pumps fist in air*
Damn it all just hit me
Chilling at the house.
you SHOULD have her job. Start your own podcast. I'd totally listen!
WOW you should read that everyday of your life
I'm wit u on dat free boosie campaign
Giveaway: Schatzii Smart Screen Cleaner For iPad, Tablets, Mobile Phones Schatzii has some sexy swag to give away for mobile, computer an
can't say that would be the most successful of practices though.
Can we leave our car in valet while we see #AdamCarolla? Show starts at 8. :)
Students may change registration or withdraw from courses without Academic Penalty through Thursday, October 27.
in louisville!
Everything is falling apart in my life :'(
Kacey is afraid of it.
Robert<3 follow me (: im trying to get the whole crew to follow me!!(: and your one thats NOT following me XD change that?(;
Thanks for the RT!
“ I NEEDA DRINK”
u still gonna kick it wit us tonight
Wade was worse for sure -- the play WORKED! He had a layup that he missed.
The only good thing about being this sick is being able to do absolutely nothing!
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do?Go into town and gang-audit someone.
I think I might!! Lol. I'll take lots of pictures and post them on here <3
Hello. Maybe we can help each other. I need a programmer to work on one of my inventions.
Part 2 on Navigating the Casual Dating Relationship forthcoming this afternoon.
Eli wins in big brother's house. An extra special feeling for the Manning family.
Looking at the message of the campaign, one would think that having female plumbing is a special qualification for governor.
Turn on channel 3 if you were at #nopantsaz - we're on the evening news!
oh that suck you should for get everything and come back to Fresno
we here LOVE Flamenco!
Mover puts in his notice before showing up to help me move my machine. Result... Broken machine :(
flowers, chocolates, breakfast in bed and paper delivered.......better be lucky tonite.
Did you ever read his book Empire? He went way off the deep end.
A Pimp is a horrible thing to brag about being. Pimps are piece of shit scum, I never understood why dumbass Rappers brag about being a Pimp
Thanks for the follow Checkout if you want to help as an ongoing fitness blogger.
I saw you guys on Tv !!
The politics is interesting but Tom Hanks looking for statues and stuff seems pretty far fetched and useless
Just saw a sign that read : be the person your dog thinks you are!
wow congrats love dope article too
when it's kinda squishy
looking forward to some heart warming reunions in CoD WaW tonight... only I seem to have subscribed to XBOX DEAD....
#754 your my boo <3 and ily more than anything :*
hey u didn't sent to back to my ebay account...
Have a great weekend everyone..be safe! Smooches! ;-D
The #RedSox haven't fallen behind in the Wild Card standings yet.
they are LEGIT.
inking pages for kids book series.. one more book almost done! :)
Ayo is dope.
Christmas With My Girl is freakin' AWSOME!!!!!!!!
I wish you would see yourself the way I do.
Starting to think that most of our fans aren't really twittery people.
Playoffs...Nascar...but no baseball?? Wtf??
ighgt haha who do they have returning?
GUEST OPINION: Mass. rising to the challenge on climate change - Wicked Local
I'd buy it.
Sex sells, so you better be a bad bitch with a sex tape, if I wanna be famous.
who's your mom Mir? :D
Hey! What brings you to our fair city?
It seems that only has one thousand followers. Also, do any companies support them because THIS MOM will not support YOU haters.
Maps meant to be backdrops rather than primary documents themselves.
Yo! Would you ever be interested in being on The Voice?
Wait I'm the landlord, fuck it.
Congrats on the call-up!! #goflames #hurryback :-)
Lucroy drives one to left-center, which brings Gamel around to 3. Aoki now pinch-hitting for Estrada. Got rousing welcome.
I love my green shirt too! There must be a lot of us who have them now. Maybe plan a flash mob?
Dr. Brenda Griffin introducing Dr. Patty Olson at #SNIPSummit to discuss her decades of work as a spay/neuter professional & advocate.
Proud of my roadpuppies and for killing it & killing it cleanly in Cripple Creek, CO tonight.
Thanks! Funny I just looked at your profile and see your love of Backstreet Boys. Someone was just talking about them earlier here
Had an awesome time at the wedding. So glad I got to go with Josh!
yo 4plex brother said he tryna come to lol people are coming around :)
Come out to tomorrow to get a look at a DW12 IndyCar like the ones running on Belle Isle June 3rd!
Great night for the Buckeyes and the B1G. I guess the Blue Devils and the ACC have a lot to ponder...
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started”–Mark Twain
MSU Spartans win on the road at Ohio State. Yet another reason why I am in love with Tom Izzo.
what happen with Kevin ?
Follow back please? :)
Is Jalex Christ Jesus' gay brother?
Can't wait! RT 6 days until the season premiere of Californication!
It seems some the students of Columbia College are so willing to criticize and so resistant to do some actual research on their own.
I like singing but I suck at it xD
put a video of you doing your #dancerehersals on twitter! LIFE WOULD BE MADE! How's your day? Your put me in a happy mood!:)
If you live in the GA area, you must contact my friend ! She is amazing and will no doubt take care of you!
Just downloaded new mixtape S(HE) BE(LIE)VE(D) for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com! JASMINEV MIXTAPE
"Knocked down" is something that happens to something else. So you say "my lovely pumpkin got knocked down by ..."
I love you and your wonderful hair!!!!! :D <3
I'm actually talking about people being a system that transports blood thru the body. Duh
haha some bartenders need to get more acquainted with that skip button
Watched #50/50, it is more powerful than #Philadelphia and funny at the same time. Great combination!
I hear ya I love that style
Morning world
what, he's not going to hit .420 all year? Chad Billingsley's going to give up a run?
crap. I was hoping it'd scale enough for my '08 processor + semi-recent vidcard, being from Blizzard and all.
Get Out .
Today is gonna be alright :-)
Don Ursillo just asked #JerryRemy who ties his ties, his wife or the guys from
At the Bite Me Gourmet Sausage cart, Colorado Springs CO
Rain, rain go away....
thanks joel!(:
Today tells House Higher Ed Ctte abt SPH’s research tracking lung disease amg Iron Range taconite workers.
What's the issue?
Goodnight and Wish you a great Happy Birthday :)
Happy Birthday ! Enjoy it. Hope you have a special day. :-)
Jon #Corzine claims he "only knows what he reads..." You know what they say - #ignoranceisabliss - Where is the #accountability?
very well said.
yes, i think that every time i see graffiti! they should apply for jobs as stunt-doubles :)
#peer1 hosting spams me off a #magento mailing list with a shoddy error prone email linking to a dead url - not impressed
Again, laying in bed watching ps. i love you. Wishing you were here with me...
Presentation is fast - blink and you miss
no amy we can't. I just hate all of you.
moving forward---->
Still MISSING HIM
Workin really had are my chorus for the contest was up all Last night putting it together! Thinking outside the box
excellent - glad everything got there in one piece – enjoy!
Mapping question: Is there a way to manually set the order in which Leaflet layers stack (aka the z-index of a given layer)?
Hahahaha ... 92% of black people will vote for me no matter what I do!!!!! Hahaha ... I'm glad I have the ignorant on my side!!!!! hahahah
home. in bed. happy.
Lunchtime! Today with right now at Hilltop Cafe.
Taking down a few dabs of some seriously potent Co2 Sour D wax. Super dank, great quality wax. Super Irie!!!
...and what the fuck is "Art Chicago"
RT : Here at The Grove with for a shoot with !! Performances of begin on 5/15!!
follow me justin
yikes. I saw the gluten deal in your profile. I hope the allergies don't slow you down too much.
unwinding and trying to get something done after #WebCamp2011. Thanks to all the speakers and attendees who made it a huge success!
better than 0%!!!!
Enich's show was the greatest sports talk show in KC history. Fully back a return! Love, a sports gambler.
no problem. looking forward to the email
Ima name this rainy day KRISTAL
Thanks for the props!
miss you too boo!!
I was just told that I look like a Barbie doll today!!!! 10" tall, plastic and totally disproportionate features...?
“: Go the extra mile. It's never crowded. ~Author Unknown”
Do what you want, I can't let someone I care for get used again.
Dick #Cheney gets a new heart. I mean Cheney finally gets "a" heart.
#UnionRags up close early and was indeed a man amongst boys today at
I've really got to fix this night owl thing...
Parsing football data all day long. Sweet!
Act of Valor with moms and pops. Damn what I'd do to be a Navy Seal
Im Not The Only One.! Will Join Me(:
City surveillance success takes a 'village' and input from all stakeholders. Read my exclusive Secured Cities stories at:...
#RT : We must treat the disease of racism. This means we must understand the disease. Sargent Shriver // that means dialogue
WTF ONLY THEM TWO ARE WORKING :/ xx
Anything but a blanket. To slow and I'm not sure they ever get used. I vote for a hat! :-)
Thanks for the great art!
We didn’t lose the game; we just ran out of time.
Looking for sales, marketing, and finance opportunities in the St. Louis area
Anyone catch the amazing Occupy Broadway skateboarders on Sat. on their way to Wall Street? Went by like thunder & lightening!
#BlueRock's summer special! #Studio space reduced from $1100 to $950 all summer! Soon a special deal for #lighting!
Feel horrible sick but a spring training game always makes me smile.
Penn State has some pretty unorthodox recruitment methods
Thanks for following us!
As we trade our freedoms for the false hope that the government can give us economic prosperity, we will end up with neither.
This is your double digit I.Q
Motivator bot is telling Alyssa to kill herself lololol.
Gorgeous day at #CXNats - a great spectator sport next race at noon- see you in Verona
“: RT : Avg 24 year old will spend more time on Facebook than they will with their doctor in 20 years.
I thank God for !
Grab a Banana Walnut muffin with an iced Blueberry Rooibos tea on the way to work today.
i swear!! I need another pack!!
That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
yea, me like website too ... got caught up in the music!
Don't let mold stop you from having a beautiful home! Make sure you have the right company to help you remove mold when you need it!
And my twitter is still sending dumba** messages smh. Ignore them plz.
not gonna take pleasure in people I dislike having misfortunes, just gonna count my blessings and smile at where I am in life
I'm 100% okay with the picks, but it would be nice to have Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery in between.
Help this man! RT : My two-month-old has been in the shop for two weeks now. They've taken apart the motor twice
Colin unveils guitar w/ solidarity sticker on it and sings "why we fight". I tear up. Beautiful.
Oxfords on Zappos are so beautiful, so expensive.
...please come to Orlando...play and let me open for you! :)
What's all this pet food for? Fiber.
the only one in my news feed brave enough to be tweeting about the lakers
Thanks for the "Stairway to Heaven," -- it's been awhile!
RT : Less than a month to vote! Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
what do small news ops need? what do we need to work on?
When GOD opens the door for you to do something, do not let fear stand in the way. Stay the course. Walk through it.
oh man, stocking up!
I'd like to be, everythingg you want
At the corner of Saratoga and Cimmaron. People are idiots when it comes to 4 way stops.
what?! & who r u voting for?! lol
If I Fucked Your Bitch, I Apologize. . . I'm Not Sorry Cause 9/10 It Was Delightful Lol But #Forgive&Forget Right ? Lml #FuckWitchuBoi $$$$$
I didn't give it to you did I??
to go up in smoke wooppee
#undertheradar bt not invisible: “: can u have heated debate w/ Greg abt why we need him on Twitter?”
Thanks Jay for being our fan!!!
Looking forward to Gardenscape this weekend. Stop by and see the display we designed for Unique Garden Sheds.
Shit, KY won the National Title tonight? I was paying more attention to Miami chanting "Yes! Yes! Yes!" nonstop for on
I don't like the 2-3-2 NBA format either. The team with home court advantage for the series doesn't have it thru 5 games
So. Freaking. Jealous. RT : Digging into a Blood Orange Chobani at the plant just made my day!
chrittttty cat you coming up for fredfest?
- That video is priceless!!!
we are happy as well :)
hi I hope you're having a good day c:
NO! jimmy protested
I know just the thing!! Now you just need to find time to visit me at #mgmgrand!
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
ok ok fair enough
Walking by mountains, streams, forests, and lakes... even better!
I get to start classes again in like 2 Weeks...
Yeah it's trending
Today I killed a dozen zombies hanging out around sonic
"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.” ~ Maya Angelou
Hopefully rain on a big audition day is as lucky as rain on your wedding day
if we skate itll be a bomb sesh :) but i haven't skated in a while and I'll suck x) but itl be a chill ass day & ill c u :)<3
Sander Kleinenberg at #UMFBA seriously TESTING the bass in my speakers on #UMFTV! Sailor Moon!!
Can't Wait Till School Ends On Thrusday.:) But I Don't Wanna Say GoodBye To ALL My Friends And That One Special Guy!. :(. Text Me!.
I told you that we shouldn't talk or see each other for awhile. Maybe this will make you think twice before treating me like crap again.
is a case study, a minor research paper, and a 50-question exam away from being a senior. I may actually graduate one of these days!
#AskBow what is your biggest fear
I love 's goodmorning tweets it always brightens my day(:
Truly there is one born every minute.
Shocking development. But probably a little easier on the digestive tract.
If you love someone, you wouldn't force them to be someone they are not. Because you love them even though you know they're not perfect.
I always wake up, & so thirsty I have too go get a drink
How's everyone? I'm really having a bad day :( well hope yours is better. :]
Anyone else watching #dancemomsmaimi -Kelly:)
asks about questions that are "bigger than technology" - e.g. mental health services.
Sure did enjoy your #qr15 session. You provided some great ideas! I esp. liked the social properties page.
IDK Y celebrities complain a/b paparazzi they're getting awesome family albums! #SilverLining I think so, one of thousands
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does- that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
"R.I.P STEVE JOBS! U where an ICON in this World, & we thank U for your amazing Breakthrough in Computer Technology since the 80's!"
You did brill. Even though you didn't win I'm still going to support you. Come to your concerts, buy your songs etc....
o.O you called me baby?
it's all good. Just figured you'd want to know before something funny came up
nigga dnt follow me on twitter...dnt follow me to the shop...to the katt williams show...or to church...nigga
I keep trying to go take a nap, but get distracted with contests, youtube videos and articles.... darn you internets!
With him <3
I don't even usually listen to Maroon 5, but Payphone is like SO RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. It's been in my head non-stop.
NSAC: What I do know is that I have a positive test in front of me. I don't know if Overeem's team has given a persuasive presentation.
Still cannot believe it. Cripe!
Thanks and have a great day!
Very grateful for the follow back from They're a life-long inspiration.
Says he was going to hit guys as hard as possible anyway so bounties didn't matter. It's still wrong Darren c'mon
Will Batman blow it out of the water?
Crazy weekend approaching--show, shoot, and rehearsals for another show...
grey haired (or head?)
but ya know. christian symbolism always gets me.
Would really like to make it back to Florida tonight.
Do you believe in fate? <3
You cut your hair!
RT : This Saturday The Party Is At Tara Temple in Arlington, Va for bday..
oh do tell;)
can't beat ice cream!
just got email from NY Knicks for a "pre-sale" game for Syracuse/Temple. Game not until Dec. Do people really buy tix 9 mos in advance?
Awesome! Tell all the bro-road-trippers to say hi when they get in. Thanks for helping spread the word in DC!
thx! glad you like it!
the runaways suit you!!
Be careful not to place anything hot on your marble countertops, and use ceramic or stone containers instead of metal to avoid rust stains.
Why am I short
Ya can have Drake I have rhianna
Enjoyed viewing your trailer. Now I can't wait for the movie!
Is your pet's food making it sick? Time to get that great food produces great health. Natural or holistic doesn't mean it's all that good!
I'd love to, but I have plans earlier. We'll have to meet up tomorrow. :)
Come along baby we're living in a kaleidoscope world
": #thatawkwardmomentwhen you walk by someone's house and it reeks of marijuana." It was so awk.
The next 7 days or so are going to be crazy busy...why does everything always happen all at the same time??!!
Does anyone know how to export contacts from LinkedIn? I tried and get a csv.txt file.
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her
Getting ready to start the first day of #SHDA conference meetings. Here's to a great annual event.
agree, players said that on cam a lot
Lmao ...... really angel really ???
Do not regret growing older. It is a privilege denied to many.
payback for your VCU pick! Was it worth it? (probably yes haha. Just giving you a hard time Elpers!)
So wish I was kidding: I waited 40 min for #wmata so dude could hold train doors open while his buddy peed on the platform.
Happy Valentine's Day! May your day be filled with love from all. (and the rest of your life for that matter!)
Good game..atleast we ain't gettin blown out like most of yall said..
Do* mother fucker -.-
Grlad to have the option there as a change. Hope you enjoyed.
Is it rude to ask someone if they are a lesbian?
you know dying easter eggs would be a #CuteDate well, i think so at least.
Ugh.. I really want tickets!!
Want #HR Software&Kindle Fire? Schedule a 1on1 LIVE demo of ATS & be entered into the Kindle Fire Raffle! Call (732) 847-1941 now!
I HATE YOU RT I've slept my way through this whole day:)
listening to a lot of sonar rhythms - both from underwater and outer space... shall they be fish, aliens, or a combination of both ;)
Then, when you realize that you never truly wanted them, it was just mere fascination.
How many of you have an #OU shirt on right now?
lets start the cuts at the top, with these super-duper salaries and box seats at the National (same ol Expos) Stadium for these public off.
And 2 of those song choices come from the show, judge's and Jimmy's. If Jessica sings "The Prayer", it could be huge.
my throat kills
Lets avoid studying at all costs.
Nah...welcome to the bigs, youngster. #Brewers RT Almost feel bad for that rookie in his debut. ALMOST.
What up Shane!) We Rep. The MOSLEY Name... True Leaders We Are. I AM... GOD IS LOVE Fam' I Love the way your always given back!
good afternoon dina
Going shoe shopping this weekend. Any ladies have suggestions on where to look for a good deal?
help: need blogs or news sites with events calendars. ideas?
Love your portfolio—very impressive. Thank you for following us.
TRIVIA NIGHT! Come in and test your trivia knowledge with us, get some drinks, and win some prizes! Starts at 8pm...see ya then!
thanks for all of your continued support..
Louis was spotted in London YESTERDAY!
Mortgage stocks on Tuesday posted gains as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose almost 300 points, and the yield on the rate.
She never let me hit, she gave me dome twice. She blowing up my phone, that’s that bitch I don’t like..
Connecticut becomes the 17th state to legalize medical marijuana. Hopefully in the future, it will be fully legal, taxed, and regulated.
sorry for the late reply. Producers and directors can submit their films and at the website there are more dets on eligibility
Carouse and Supply special moves ... yes, but they're not as solid as Hit the Street.
spring break Suckas !
that's not why.
Good thought. I'll have to remember that.
How did the beard turn out?
I m a good cook. Who would have thought! Lol
What's everyone up to this weekend?
Everybody has been making fun of the way I talk all week. I hate having a
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Ensemble/Collective nominees: New Dawn Theater Co & NE Atlanta Ballet - Good Luck!
Going thru some troubles with my girl...and because I'm the kinda guy that fills the void with food I've lost 20 pounds.
Remember WWJD, kids - what would Jess do? "I would think of all terrible outcomes and pick the path of least destruction"
That place is huge! Love NOLA!
The median income for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for their white counterparts.
any word if will play?
can I be one of the people you follow?
bahh! i forgets to tweet..
so crucible monologue...we meet again
I still get most of my museum news at lunch. Museum professionals love to gossip, hate to document. Slowly that is changing.
Hate that I can't RT 's tweet
no only in the usa but our mobile website and app builder does 1app4.mobile
I'm so sleepy already -.-
#DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie something wicked this way cums
why did you change your twitter to that?? lol
Looked up and both my dogs had (unused) tampons hanging out of their mouths...what a sight that was.
think it's a pretty big stretch to accuse the graphic of "demonizing" in the context of the story
The awkward moment when you don't know one of your brothers science definitions...what the hell is fulcrum?
Loading day! We begin rehearsals for ART at the Cultural Arts Center today Preview Fri evening, 2/10. Official opening on Sat, 2/11
#itsawkwardwhen some farts in the subway! In
That was the best shower of my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
We had some nice recordings with the smi #eyetracking glasses at lund eyetracking academy in lund
Good news everyone has taken over the web building duties! As a cofounder member and main artists contributor we are very excited!
So true! RT : Every high-tech option needs a low tech back-up.
CAUSE I SAID.
Jazz/Funk tonight at 8pm. Find out who runs the world!!
": Morning peeps!" <> Morning
C'mon Buffs, figure it out
OUCH! sorry to hear that.
yep that's why they wanted her out, all of'em was scared of her.
Wed. S.J. football roundup: Adeyemo, NBC finish with flourish Tosin Adeyemo ran for more than 200 yards in his final high school football
Lets pick it up boys
": Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Clare County in MI until 4:15pm EDT. #miwx" — It's headed my way.
Hey, how are you? How did everything go?
That WAS a jaw-dropping conclusion! These 1st 3 episodes were excellent. Kudos to you and Mike Listo.
I cry every single day & no one knows. I'm so tired of being sad.
That's a strike yotch!
its a sham that even the baby #Pens couldnt do well today
“: Pretending to read your birthday card after the money has fallen out...” this is you today.
The Museum will close for the season today. Stop by anytime from 11-4 and see 5 incredible exhibitions.
they said next time ill keep u posted.
fuck yes. friday is going to fucking rule. <3
#sljsummit10 Don Leu Showing research which argues different skill sets required for online and offline reading comprehension
I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.
Friday's announcement will be the locations where the medicine is grown, not sold (That announcement is in June 8)
#WhenIWasLittle - The best shows on Tv were -- Old Nickelodeon & old Cartoonnetwork.
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry. ~Dr. SunWolf
Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best #customerservice out there.
Mind2It Monday Giveaway! RT/Follow for a chance to win $10 #McDonalds gift card.
I just finished The Hunger Games by Collins, Suzanne on Kindle for Android!
who? How were they denied to speak?
Ah! We do get our cap and gown today! :D Graduation in 2 weeks!
You guys should have an app! Constantly streaming your music findings. Keep it coming! Check out my show
killer game - 51 pts 14 boards - sorry u lost - great game kevin!
never in a million years would I have thought clippers would be playing better than the
I'm excited about tonight....thanks
Dear six pages, please appear out of no where so I can finish this paper.
We will be going over to Philly. I was thinking bout taking everybody down to Baltimore, but didnt really feel like it. lol
Joan Tower has "always been interested in how music can go 'up'" - Rising for Fl, 2 Vlns, Vla, & Cello is 1st on the program
Last Monday class ever.
thx Sandra...hope you are good..Go Commodores n GEAUX Tigers !
Yeah a picture paints a thousand words it's true, but that's still not enough for the way I feel about you.
good evening : )
Was wondering how subscribed titles wd be indicated in JUSP...manually? Sigh. #erl12 maybe easier since these are nation-wide deals?
The pain in my gum is not letting me sleep *sigh*
Ty! Common sense would tell naysayers this, but alas, they resist.. :) In case you thought
New love grows on trees.. <3
So ready 2 blog about my experience @ the art festival this past wknd!
He connects with authoritarian management techniques, argues this is to workers as Dewey is to education: manipulation etc.
Ok cool, let me know
DIFFERENCES Radio Magazine Show keeps listeners "in the know" about Entertainment, Health, Food, Fashion, Lifestyle and Community Affairs
so bord my ears r so sore
Walking backwards like a tour guide or just retracing your steps?
Seriously they are! I mean i and Vinny but why would u make up a fake account about them ???!
#Bruins and #NYRangers still knotted at 2 halfway through the third period.
Arod just has nothing. 7 more years of this Yankee fans. Hey buddy, stop spitting seeds and do something to earn your $30 mil. WOW
I like that one too! Fav part is, "Use or Use Not, there is no try.”
This bitch at the doctors office is a straight bitch. Better be happy I need to be seen or I would cuss her ass out.
Lots of CEOs on the guest list at #health2con. Will be interesting to see how they involve pts. will have a table Tues, though!
Facts Of School™ In Class: <U+2714> Talk <U+2714> Sleep <U+2714> Text <U+2714> Play <U+2752> Study.
It's good to see greatness recognized, just wish we would stop waiting till after we lost greatness to pay respect.
Sometimes, I realize how much of a poo ball I am when watching Family Guy and laughing my ass off--by myself.
Thanks, Ernest!
Oh no! are u sick!?
RT : Northpark movie date with my bestie I love when JJP alum come home!!!!
I thought this was deep... "Your either a builder, or a destroyer" -from Russell Simmons Super RIch
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video? Their live voices are perfectly fine, if not better.
Look bubbles, go back to ya habbitaaaat. <U+E405><U+E050>
Oh hahha it does!
And something that I imagine played a not insignificant role in who we are today....
Instagram: josh_no_drakebell, I will follow you back!
#TCU has answered the #Baylor 26 unanswered points with 25 unanswered points of their own to take a 48-47 lead late in the 4th
Baseball folks: if u had a time machine, what old school pitcher would you bring to the present to face Bryce Harper? My pick: Pascual Perez
Thank you...for your support and introducing us to #FF!
time for practice. a ton of shows coming up in april - y'all aren't ready.
thanks for the RT.
kubina's wikipedia says he currently plays for the sabres...is that a joke?
This is the weirdest football game I've ever half-watched while cataloging.
Why did she message me...?
how u doin on the tickets?
Thank you! Have a great week.
This article discusses some useful tips to help you succeed and make money with Twitter
Just 1 more thing we gave in common. :D
yeah my question is who going bye bye!
oranges or strawberries (:
need suggestions for a scripture verse related to kidney transplant--for a tattoo.
And the commercial for Atkins has a spokesperson "Cheryl Lynn". Creepy because that's my name.
yeah im so gunna miss you girl
I'm just teasing you! See you tomorrow!
Movie recommendation is Robert Downey Jr in "Tropic Thunder"
Is you professional life evaporating your personal life? Fight #information overload. See our blog
oh damn, yeah sorry man that's about 4 hrs out of the way. Good luck, hope you can make it!
great work. It was inspiring.
I've been having the worst heart burns :/
Are you following and --well you should!
Just finished packing (:
Can I have a cup of the 'Chicken Dye-Jon' soup please?
I WILL RIDE NO QUESTIONS ASKED FOR & THEY FAMILY 4LIFE & LOYAL TO THE CAUSE OF LOYALTY & FAMILY
Happy Star Wars Day!! May the Fourth be with you!
Janet Jackson Velvet Rope. Love.
Anyone notice Zayn poke Harry's face in the beginning of their prrformance of One Thing..?
Watching NFL Draft. Go Broncos!
come meet vic cruz tuesday in pk , Im doing a big event with him!
listening to We Are Young always reminds me of yall!! =)
Tickets for DOING TIME-THROUGH THE VISITING GLASS r in process of selling out Last show 7pm Blackbox Theater.
DONT WAIT TO GET YOUR TICKETS TO HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE TO SEE GIVE YOU SOME #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
ill tell you I do
Now they just eat all my food and lay around the house!
If you're not a fan of Ryan Cabrera's "On the Way Down", I'm not sure we can be friends.
Impossible is nothing. You can work with any budget. Just make your work so good they can't not come back for more.
A video camera? Really? You piece of shit.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
°o° New blog post: "The Magic, The Memories and Us" at www.eartothere.com/blog - check it out!
Watching Fireproof. I Love this movie.
#aam2011 virtual conference: our newest challenge for teaching 21st century learners: digital natives vs. digital immigrants
Lost my phone in my apartment. Had to install Google Chat plugin to call it from my browser
delicate rootsiness of what Chris Jeffries is creating.
Somebody is hacking me. I'm so sorry guys. I'll do my very best to find out who.
Today we celebrate the birthday of a special man and a true music legend : JAMES MOODY!
this is one bridge i should've burned long ago
This is so stunning!
Heat vs Bulls D rose Question mark?
if you haven't become a fan on facebook, then head on over there.
All menswear is now 50% off! Orgasmically low prices on men's jackets and coats, jackets and shirts, hats, belts, wallets, and jeans.
Loving spring semester. Its not bad at all.
So close to vacation and a trip back to #Maryland I can taste Memorial Day steamed crabs and a cold Natty Boh.
That awkward moment when girls just have no clue what's going on.
cheers lady
As the UK prepares for the royal wedding the BBC is looking at unusual nuptials as Extreme World series.Send ur photos to .uk
4 of my students will be playing on DEUS EX MACHINA at Dionysus Lounge in an hour.
whiskey and nerdery...
Rob Ryan should be the head coach
After apology 2 Tuskegee victims in 1998, realized new Tuskegee was push 4 prostate cancer screening, says
Nicki minaj id so unique she sometimes annoy me wit her voice but she straight
Is this a Semih Erden sighting?!?!
My dad has been watching all my twilight movies over and over and over....
Plain » Microsoft Office System Plain &amp; Simple — 2003 Edition (Bpg ...
That little heart attack you have were your lost at a store&you cant find your parents so you walk all around the store lookin for them
One of the other moms at my daughter's school just rolled up jamming to Will Smith's Summertime.
don't mention me wit dat bulshit tf wrong wit you
yeah if you're a sorority slut or frat kid
follow me <3 i loved how you played the boy from district 3 in the hunger games
#nofear I'm going for it all.
Business mostly. lots of excel and word. always internet.
will be relieved to hear this!
Ugh! Oil changes suck. Now I smell like a slick....
Gr8! ": Bringing it! Faster and Stronger!
Did Tracesusa mess up a couple of times? Even the pros aren't always perfect.
Info abt Sugarland's depositions reported by via
that bad?
710KCMO dumped him in KC for Mark Levin. Sure miss listening to Savage.
I just hate fighting with her
hey! whats up?!
no the one for you? In ur bag there should've been a bag of cookies and a muffin
After a talk, which had commenced at a late hour, and had continued many hours, it was time to sleep,
What do you think, should #Packy be allowed to REALLY be the #GrandMarshall of the #RoseFestivalParade - Let us know
Really like the blacked out uni's! For MIA...ideas for our new ones?
p.s where r u at?
#cil2010 talking about having a vendor fair for students to get to see products.
I've been great actually! :) How have you been stranger?
What the hell Austin? Lol did you bite him???
Just posted everything. Probably no need to repost, unless you want to later. I think it's close enough.
just 4 more hours of sleep pretty please
that was a BEAUTIFUL touchdown by the Packers!
just read #GirlWalksIntoABar in one sitting...so so good. Thank you for the awesome
Sleepy as fuck:'(
Yes, your hate has been found and is safe and sound. I'll tag it with your twitter name, you can come get it anytime we're open!
I will be back though. #Phoenixrisingfromashes #thatwastoodramatic #tomorrowmaybedonutMonday Hiw are things with you?
"open" prefix is polysemous; use of open in #opengov, open source, open innovation, #opendata, etc is not equivalent nor necessarily related
I'm really good at finding email addresses.
boy haven't you learned anything? Don't b fooled by the rocks that she got, she's still, she's still jenny from da block <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#Stolls, The Ninth Wife. Everyone has baggage, right? Brilliant nuanced & burlesque examination of life choices that make sense at the time.
Tonight is the 10:50pm pst premiere for the music video CAUGHT finally!www.ustream.tv
a great spot is Wednesday nights &Spirits w/ Lovely...
does anyone think there should be a satc 3???
why not both? 1 class tourney over Christmas break, 4 class at end of season.
only if you got that slip & tight ..
I see myself as a girl but people see me as a TOMBOY
NY reporting: Gov. Cuomo "reforming" schs by cutting budget (2% cap), bashing teachers, hi-stakes tests req. for $ - A Dem!?
this is so good!! cant wait to see what happens next!
How have you been,best friend? You have no clue how much I miss you! D,,:
Just show up on Mondays at Tacos & Taros. (I think we have you on our RSVP list) What can we do to help w/ ur biz?
Munstah Cheez would be my rap name!
oh you a bad bad girl
Which ladies are voting for #shaq or #chuck lol
Awesome catch #badgers!!! This party is awesome but can't wait for ....
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] We told you to stop calling this "Dead Week." We can't understand why "Week Preceding Final Exams" hasn't caught on!
no problem! How are you feeling?
How much have you drank today?
haha I miss u guys, and bsu, u gettin kinda busy now for finals?
i love <33333
Thanks for the retweet!
Friday flashback jam: The Sundays - "Here's Where The Story Ends"
Yo check out these snapback caps ! bureau.storenvy.com
haha I dunno know about that! But thank you!
I didn't wanna work in fast food but I'm thinking about it, they give way more hours the retail
Tuning in to #ArtHour. Interesting convo
Me and Rick always arguing like a old ass married couple lmao smh
one day y& realize you're a hater ;)
I think Rachel Maddow owes Prez an apology. She attacked him pretty aggressively for his first two years.
BREAKOUT WATCH!!!... FBCD EPTI get it
Headed to a kids yoga camp w and Spiritual Gangster, Terri Cooper!
Off to Albuquerque-my first visit there-for #aicmtg2012 Looking forward to the seeing all my #Conservator friends and Stuart Welch from CXD!
- yes, we do get what we pay 4. A high quality of life w/ a high price 4 gas. I'll gladly take it. ;)
Deuce in the VIP room ya that's right
Senior prank was weak
RT “: my dream job would be being a real-estate agent in NYC. so #perfect”
definately =] youl be hearing more soon i promise!
Great Wedding!
I think there was a certain SNL character at 19? (thanks to Andy for giving us plenty of teasing ammo)
Rosey can cook, and andy can make the cocktails, and phil and i will enjoy!
Pro-tip: when submitting a paper to a repository, don't make it the Word doc with all the revision comments.
Let it be just the first of many warm weather picnics!
How are you feeling?
BEAUTIFUL PHOTO!!
No one has the right to feel hopeless, there’s too much work to do ~ Dorothy Day
It's days like this when I wish I lived on a planet all by myself.
r u a boy or girl
happy to follow for Absinthe tix tomorrow night VIP. Can you help?
thank you so much for everything you were great to our agency! you will be missed!
STANs are funny online...but don't get it twisted-I will knock the STAN outta your STAN azz if you approach me in real life
RT if you're passionately against
Can't you get the same effect with per-project git config?
"Life may not always be the party we had hoped for... but while we're here we might as well dance." - Great quote from an unknown author.
Lol what's crazy is, the SAME people you guys talk about are the first people you tweet @ and bullshit with... Do y'all understand ANYTHING?
“: Imagine how happy the fat guy who lifts his shirt up is right now” leave me alone.
That point where a sponge stops absorbing water. Metaphor to my mood.
T1: Well professionally we are on 5 social networks. , , , (new) and
Haha! It was fun! -- chriss RT : had fun @ the event with mr & mrs lon!
recording a couple of Sam's Club radio spots downtown today....always a pleasure...except the traffic getting there....
#ESPNmnb wonder who the cubs fans will boo more? Braun or Ramirez?
Which will prove more historically significant? The inventiion of the printing press, or its obsolescence?
For #sm data, analyze what you need to know and what is action that you care about
First day of shooting for the new Zimbo Film. I won't be on set today but I will be tomorrow, pics then.
It's been a hard day time to hit the range!!
Welcome lover of writing and history.
I just have second thoughts about ths, to much drama and immature people!
but we'll be together then, son you know we'll have a good time then
So not wanting to work right now!
#FF #learning #leaders who help others grow
i will forward their info as soon as i land somewhere. They r gr8. Emails, phone calls, scheduling, bookkeeping, u name it.
Oh! Break legs
Just wondering if you were tempted to do the same cobra trick with your camera... ;)
Chris & Al, let it go. That Patriots drive was underwhelming at best.
These mother days commercials are making me sick.
Kinda seems like that's the sort of music you should be listening to if you're mapping the plumbing grid, no?
We outhit a team 6-3 and still lose 7 1 Nothing's going our way right now.. Gotta find a way though. Not giving up
what's good fam
Intelligent radio for grown-ups tonight at 7PM Eastern. What's on your mind tonight #Indianapolis? Send your ideas:
Finishing up new web site + print sites(s) with + press packet with for early next release. & planning June's show.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool why is my teacher only starring at me when she talks?
I don't feel so hot
Free Scott Oldner Band version of Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer on www.solighting.net - Happy Holidays!
Between 2000 and 2011, Hispanics accounted for more than half of the US population increase.
You're welcome!
Don't waste printing, paper, labor, and postage fees. Get that dirty mail cleaned! Call us today to learn more: 505-899-3104.
I don't believe that by hosting the Super Bowl, we lost over a million dollars
Today's going by so slow!! But I'm on my
apparently not!
Wayland Admission Open House tomorrow. The school shows well, and I hope many come to visit.
i remember when i couldn't find any 1D merch even on ebay, now theres stuff everywhere i turn.
Twitter is suggesting I follow and Two places I wouldn't be caught dead at ever again.
-.- that's not how it went!
one more reason to come see me in Portland, Heather.
S: What do you do here? Doctor: I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you. S: That would be tremendously ambitious of you.
We want to thank Food 4 Less for their support & generous dontaion to this years peace festival!!!
Happiness is a warm poodle. (I don't know what the poodle's happiness is.)
wow hahaha i wonder wat was the matter with him he was all sad??????hm......
Dad just left to virginia and washington dc for a couple of days again . ._.
ain't that the sad truth j/k cuz. You know I love you(r) momma lmao
Niggas still got flip phones?
Turkish Airlines (THY), a carrier of Turkey, selected the International Aero Engines AG V2500 SelectOne™ engine to power its A320 aircraft.
My granddad is lieing his ass off lol he 2 funny he cant lie
8 more days till school ends and I'll be freshman next year so excited :)
I dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im y... no fuck that i just dont give a fuck at this point
so today is 5-11-12 BEST DAY OF MY BESTFRIENDS LIFE THANK YOU (:
He really should stop telling the truth. Take a page from RafaRT I am very likeable." LMAO Fed, this is what gets you in trouble.
RT "It is important to our friends to believe that we're unreservedly frank w/ them & important to friendship that we're not"
Whens the last time you went to work and said "Did you watch Carson last night?" Bravo, American Masters & PBS.
My friends and I are ver crazy hahahahahahaha! And my ouncle.
When It was recess the boys were tossing the baseball ball lol they were tossing it with a teacher outside when the teacher tosses it to one
it's the worst app ever, performance-wise.
is that like a McDonald's delivery person?
It was so bad, I had to leave the room. The guy totally sounded like the guy in the honey badger video. I'm serious.
Enjoyed time with and my Twitterless friend/manager Dave!
Consider: if the players get the owners to concede on the system issues in favor of #50/50 or #53/47, but get to loosen the luxury tax
Dislike females who think they better than everybody
I wonder how much of this is improvised vs. composed?
"Who Let The Dogs Out?" and "Summertime Girls."
Erich is back tonight at the Friday Night Dance. $7 and held from 7pm-10pm in the Big Room. Full Cash Bar available. For more info on...
Welcome to Twitter!
I'll be tweeting throughout the day about the status of women globally: Happy International Women's Day
I be wanting to slap far fuck outta this lady like leave me alone damn
there's this new book called hunger games that a lot of peeps are raving about. And they even turned it into a movie.
I'm watching the Christmas episode of Glee. Was it really this painful/terrible, or is it because it's February 2nd now?
She had me but watever screw it I'll get out of ur way of being happy with him.
Went to a private listening party for GLC-get his album 2mor! Then hosted mon nite f-ball party!! Super tired!! Nite nite all!!
I do not have any plans to come to Michigan.
We're excited to welcome as our featured speaker at our June 2nd Social Media Event! More information coming soon!
can i just say historiography is the necessary evil that I'm not too fond of?
Tht awkward moment when someone replies "lmaoo" and u don't know what to write back :o
soon come
very pretty!
Hi Martha,BIz & Kathy we asked our friends from COK to hand deliver our vegan dog treats,did you get them?Awesome topic!
Any team taking a shot on Kellen Moore today?
did you last hear ... Any sound Before the consumption ?
When he tweets he is such a gentleman is one in a million
Josh Hamilton is a beast! It doesn't get much better than 4 HRs in one game.
are you feeling alright? Lol
oh hey! I know you:)
You gotta have your MENTAL game down
"The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.."
A special thanks to for his help this week
Gotta love the feeling of a fresh clean smile! What's your favorite toothpaste??
Moonball from #Deng! Great way to end the quarter!
A soul without salvation is just like the walking dead.!
Eddie Murphy making white and black people laugh together. A real civil rights pioneer right there.
Random jazz band during halftime of a college basketball game? Sure, why not?
Dani's Foundation Golf Tourney on June 25 at Meridian Golf Club in Englewood, CO. For info, email to
Today is beautiful and I am loving it!!!!!
Hey DeRo, why'd you dive?
when did it all start moving way too fast for you to handle?
Okay, i'm gonna sleep. BYEBYE. <U+2665>
can't wait to see later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
more specific?
McCarthy & our coaching staff, Clay, Jennings, Aaron... sending great updates from Hawaii.
What's happening with the Helen Hayes Theatre?
God blesses me in spite if me. Praise the Lord
I am so happy to have my sister, , home this week! Hasn't been the same around here without her!
That's why ur my buddy :)
Table read done!!
My dad's got Cancer & we'd like to know would you like to come to Colorado & join us for a baseball game?
Thanks for the
BrightGreenFuture.net Oct 21-22 OPEN for registration - more than 40 green workshops by passionate presenters creating a clean green future
Love is like a rubber band two people hold on to it one let's go and the one still holding on to it gets hurt
#justread The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge stayed up past my bedtime to finish it. Nighty. night everyone.
#WelcomeToMiami where the weather is bipolar af !
going to taco bell and then school
like the 40 miles, nice work!
yes yes yes!!!
Yup! I usually toss these out; not sure why I thought twice this time. Canned spam it is; even the email read as prefab.
#nfldraft opinions on Branch DE from Clemson...2nd round grade?
Sam you better fucking help out Mercedes.
WATCH ELF. WATCH ELF. WATCH ELF. (;
Time for a nap!
just had an on-camera acting workshop with Fawnda McMahan... she rocks!
Its cold outside!
Hitting up late night! Cheers!
how can you like someone you've never talked to?.... ;)
Looking forward to networking with Business Life Ministry this morning!
What a glorious day
I'm afraid Cincinnati won't enjoy any of the Dr Jonny Fever jokes I prepared. Might have to keep them in my heart.
If you're in #DC this wknd, come visit our booth at #Scifest! See the host of , & Bill Nye !
Give cultural data 'Roots and Wings.' Make it good, let ig go
?OTD - What does living the dream mean to you?
NU QUOTES! > "Do Or Do Not. There Is No Try." - Yoda - Ron A. Spaulding, Pres. UMG 's #1 Fontana Distribution >
How are you making THIS Monday better than last Monday? 2012: New Year, New YOU!
All these pics of girls wit they lips poked out wow and some of them look silly
lmfaoo ew thts so gross !! Btw did u listen to the message ? Is it Gunner(in a southern accent)?(: lmfao
Chill with all that RT : If only you could saw what I see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately
Driving past massive nice houses and thinking, I wish.
I just feel like watching a movie marathon. Instead, I have to study for AP Bio.
And in every damn television show, there's a bitch that twenty guys are after. Lol, typical...
I'm a fangirl, but the girls who hate on certain ppl arund their idols, juss go in a corner and reavulate yourself then die!! #Kingsley!
Birds were flying all around me at the beach, it felt odd. I must smell like bread crumbs. :)
so I love blog! Completely entertaining to me and very relatable (:
RT if you're craving TACOS!
just watched the results show for American idol and WTF MAN. WHY DID JOSHUA GO HOME?!?!?! HE WAS THE FREAKING BEST
The excitement of a kid never gets old! Merry Christmas!
Tell your dad I love the ring and I need him to prescribe me some meds because I am dying over here.
will You take me higher, to a place where blind men see? will You take me higher, to a place with golden streams? <3
Don't mind at all. Go for it!!
Don't sweat this shitt. Keep your head up and it'll all blow over. You seem like a good dude...
Somewhat new ladies fitted tshirt drops today!!!! Get ready
Has the '"Safety School" chant come out for #NU in the #TDGarden yet or do #BU fans only chant that?
Totally awake. And I took melatonin about 5 hours ago.
Wonder if 2-3 diff initiatives helps or hurts the cause?
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo I love my phone
Republican businessman Alex Cranberg, a big funder of scholarships, now testifying in favor of ASSET.
thanks! The run felt good. Not fast, just good.
#ThankaYouthWorkerDay Natl Youth Transitions Center & #mentalhealth professionals helping youth in transition
I press "send" on mine and the entire file goes straight to Word. Also, the batteries last forever.
Been away for a while... I'll catch up with all later tonight.
I just completed a 3.00 mi run with a 25:18 pace using Check out my route! soc.li/Klm226E
If loving you burned calories, I'd be a supermodel.
the soul. Therefore, circumcision is superfluous. Looking ahead (see v. 21), Paul will go so far as to say that the law is dangerous, and
Doing the easy thing is rarely the right thing and doing the right thing is rarely easy. - Glenn Beck
The O's started the nite w/ the best record in MLB. So why did only 11,938 show up at Camden Yards?
My husband has a Carter shirt when he was a #Flyers. In fact, I started liking Carter as a Flyer. It was easier for us to accept.
Good seeing you today Jacob! :)
Oh god, that crazy, almost Janice-esque laugh.
Motorcycle ministry For Abused Children: www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
What should I do with all this kale?
man works hard and is always on his grind and i personaly respect him...yall needa hop on GLOBAL14.COM and show the homie love
EHH I GIVE UP ON TRYING TO GET TOO FOLLOW ME BYYE IM OFF AND PROBABLY NOT COMING BACK TILL TOMORROW NIGHT ;(
depressed.. idk what's so wrong about me..
People keep asking me, what are the " Rules to Being Single"
RT : The amazing will be at the #mktgchat today (2pm ET). All about crafting a message that people can connect with.
Bill Russell has more rings than the bobcats have wins
Don't be afraid to be original
Just saw that and thought the same thing! Hahaha....
check out our spotify channel man
I concur! And people do get motion sickness, so Seamus' dia isn't terribly surprising. RT :
The countdown is on to Europe 5!!! Will you be there?
turns out, I do follow - but thanks for the heads up!! We'd love to feature it on - let us know.
Can't wait to these folks leave so I can just chill in my boxers.
cause u said the challenge thingy u would wanna try ;)
right? Like all I want is a picture
I got a friend moving to Memphis. Church recommendations?
None of those require a degree to obtain.
is Obama's address going to pre-empt the game? Go #Cavs!
hey man was that just you on sports hub?
Thanks man!
would you be interested in chatting in more detail about Switzerland Fashion Week on our show?
Just going through the motions to get through the day.
I wish I was going to #Brimfield. cc: Have fun w/o me and snap tons of pics pretty please.
There<U+FFFD>s a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy ... her heart
#moreplease for me and #moreplease for you. i miss you. let's make film get into Toronto so i can visit.
I don't think the modern Republican respects how other people were born OR what choices they make.
Hit the #gym early this am with beat the monday
We must recognize that the suffering of one person or one nation is the suffering of humanity. That the happiness of one person or nation
you'd be a hot lesbian.
Our very own Chef Anisha Jagtap will be speaking on "Hamburgers 'Off the Grill", are you going 3/15/12??
I would but I dont have ur number
oh - to be clear - I'm just talking smack. Nothing official. But don't worry, Danny's never leaving the hill.
Awwh yeah! #markmartin in 8th :D come on now! bring it home! (:
HERES TO ALL "Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
Fancy! RT : OMG! will get a SHOUT in 5hrs when #RamonWOW takes the stage in Sydney, Australia
Yawn~stretch~blurry eyes~foggy brain. Coffee...my kingdom for a hot steamy cup of coffee. There are still so many words to go...
really looking forward to this!
Very much recommend it! And COR is awesome too. Take Adam's preaching workshop.
30 minutes to #1k1hr - you in?
Mike Tirico just said the Pacers are a hard team to put a label on? Mikey, how about they play the right way: they play hard and R unselfish
Lil b kills that verse
RT : We must make the choices that enable us to fulfill the deepest capacities of our real selves -Thomas Merton-What else is there?
best ways to keep the business model beyond profit?
I love my mother :)
my head aches.
After all day and $300 my computer is fixed... woo-hoo!!! Back to work.
sick of my stuff disappearing in this house
SHE has blurred the boundaries between sleep and wakefulness. Otherwise okay though.
John Lucas or George Lucas?
Duhh Sidney... we do it on purpose!
hi Luan! i Love ur videos and u! ur soo funny! u crack me up every video! RT? Follow? LOVE YA!<U+2665>
Thanks so much!!
China has over 952 million mobile subscribers! Wow!
Thx so much for the RT. Cheers!
Maybe artists are miserable because they know the only things most of us will ever learn about them is, "American, born 1954, died 2012."
That's a catch!
Gorgeous! And I adore that necklace.
Im post every pic i have w/ dogs i love w/ all my heart
gonna chk out 'Inside Job' documentary 2nite! Curious...
Love ya to.
I thought you weren't attending finals ;-)? Plus, who needs them?
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today for the "Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!" Companies like !
Happy birthday jk rowling. May your success increase passed its maximum. Your faithful fan always. XoXo ~cathy
dan I am italian.. Have you met my mother?? Lol
Brownie points for you! :-)
“: Shoutout to all the freshmen who have 3 years left! #suckstosuck” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
So tired but supporting the homy!
Lardner: culture of impunity persists in Nigeria because rule of law is not enforced. The state is the regime
You bet! Were you able to get in touch with anyone regarding that gift card? Hope so!
MBurger has beer?
I will wifey
I truly blieve u will return to #DOOL-u r 1 of the best & I believe u r a favorite of everyone.Njoy watching Dirty Soap.
so you will never date a Packers fan? Hehe
awesome movie!
saw great show ....had the best dinner... all with bad hair :)
idk , im off today.
Just chillin' in our cars with the engines running and playing with our laptops. Thanks for the free gas, dirtbag tax payers!
Too far away to run for the bus, but I can see from here that it's empty.
Wow the NBA sucks to watch...
First Christmas song of the season!
RT : I'm hosting #Echelon3000 tonight! & performing live!!
I'm stunned. A city plow just went through. Not a subcontractor.
Still think the jazz's old uniform & logo was way better.
yeah it was a pretty good movie
tea lights are beautiful right? Stay tuned for more #home accessories, you'll be amazed! : I love them!!!
I'd take one if you've stil got some.
Getting the deal done with Champ would be the ultimate PR move for the
I burn down buildings while you sit on a shelf inside of them.
thanks so much for the follow. Let me know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
RT There's no food in my fridge #SadForLife / :D
RT : “Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.” Ray Kroc
just hit me in the head with his iphone.
Happy Birthday to Bobby's. Momma. :-) ": Everyone Lets give Bobbys mama a HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! with....... xxxoooo"
2. More. Weeks.
see you in LA!
hey gorgeous! congrats on all of your success!
i WiSH THAT DERRiCK R0SE HAD A TWiTTER
Ooooohhhhhh man. That was a bomb! Raaaauuuullll!
He seriously is deserving of being on the same level as Perry, Spears, Ke$ha, Bieber, Gaga. He is amazing.
That anti-birth control video from earlier makes me want to go blast Indigo Girls in front of a Lutheran (MO Synod) church.
Awesome idea for an #indie film - we're definitely funding this venture! ;) cc:
I'm game to try swiss lamb in wine and cream sauce no matter what the season. :-)
Who knows. Maybe Underwood refused to play in the secondary so Bill cut him for not buying into the #Patriots Way.
S/O my homie
So I called a number by mistake, and now they keep calling me back.
coming soon!
My pockets so fat it look like i eat biscuits .
im super sorry we all miss ryan . he will be missed alottt ..........
Even when you stay in hotels whether it be for business or pleasure, turn off that lamp and your TV before leaving the room.
"RACIAL PROFILING SHOULD BE A HATE CRIME INVESTIGATED BY THE FBI!!!" Have yal read Tyler Perry's story about his encounter with the police.
Lunch & Dinner =
“Access to justice is a must have, not a nice to have, in these tough economic times.” -Jim Sandman, Pres., Legal Services Corp.
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40
I Went To One Of Those Doctors That Prescribe “Marijuana Cards”…Then I Asked Him Well How Is It Used? He Told Me To “Smoke It.”
secret life and the lying game tonight
Ha my nigga i gotta come down to Balitmore chill with you my nigga been to long
Did Jewel get her grill fixed? # thevoice
look, aren't you fed up with asking the guy such stupid questions? If he finds a girl friend, he'll keep it a secret!
pass that
Studies show that #fruits and #veggies make you cuter! How awesome it that!
I think you have a secret side that all of us rocketeers dont know about.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being doubted
Is Raymond Felton the most hated Blazer since the Jailblazers era? Listening to the radio today, the ire toward him is very un-Portland-like
We need to chill this summer!
not yet, just found out today. Menu is posted, no prices. Hopefully it's not too pricey.
Hipsters and Librarians are well suited. Both are over educated and the majority are underemployed.
: if I do the doctorate, I will officially smash it out of the ballpark.
Holdin resentment towards another is like swallowing poison and waitin for tha other person to die, they go on w life while u suffer
Is it difficult for you to follow me ?? Follow me, please <U+2665>
have you showered yet?
it's wonderful, sadly underrated I thought.
"It's not what you do, its how you do" Lil Wayne
Great chat guys! looking forward to all the new connections! Heading over to #shehechat (talkin' social)
Don't take advice about relationships from someone with a gang of broken relationships.. Relationships aren't only with spouses
La Bruyere~ Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present - which seldom happens to us.
Congrats and happy birthday!!!
better to say everything
Hi, thanks for following! There's more to love (or like) on our facebook page
Hopefully some big things coming over the Horizon for everyone in e-Sports. Just a few more pieces to fall in place. Stay tuned!!
Who Wants To Change Mhy Username For Me ? iHave An Embarrasing Password Tho :/
. Thanks for the opp to get back into my virtual jewelry box + share what every woman needs to invest in this spring
LOL! Love it! You win at the internets today!
Tumblr's warning: "Anonymity can be fun, but can also bring out the worst in people" ... sweet ;).
lol really?! i like it :D
Going out tonight to celebrate. I'll shoot you one back tomorrow night :)
I wish you could stay too. Reverse is awesome.
These girls are so funny and amazing <3
Bluebird sky with some great snow!
I MISS U!
Ure blasting Empire State of Mind while driving thru Brooklyn. Really? I know we're all excited to be here but that seems like a little much
New item very soon: UNIVERSAL HANDCUFF KEY NECKLACE #getout ofjail
Commission meeting starts.
IT’S PUMPKIN DONUT SEASON!! Try one before they’re gone!
Feel fortunate to have had some time with today, who delivered a bang-up Breslauer Lecture here at UCLA.
i try to care about my friends and you guys give me shit... i've just been so sensitive to what's being said lately and idk..
RIP Steve Jobs. You certainly changed the world.
Went to bed thinking the house was pretty cold..though it is always cold. Wondering how the thermostat got set to below 60.
Because obtaining the privilege of someone trusting your product will sell for them is very difficult. I've tried for 7 years!
U thirsty? Here is a cup of whoop ur ass...
idk, it just seems so beautiful there, you know!
Weights and then relaxing outside. Best February 29 in at least 4 years.
Helping his own cause. // RT Mark Buehrle gets into the act. RBI single to right makes it 6-0
Every time I see the word believer I wan to say
I totally paid 6 dollars to watch #neversaynever on demand and it was AMAZE!!
You are crazy...ROFL...RT #wheneverimbored I sit back and watch albino midget porn then beat it like it owe me money"
why she crying?
i'm starting to doze off
Two new client meetings this week! Ted is the New Business Development employee of the month!
zip em up!
": Sleeping naked is the best feeling!" Can i join u? Lol
Passed my segment one test with 21 wrong
on the phone now with Dell Tech support for THREE HOURS!!!!! Thanks Windows OS for ruining the day. ...Mac OS support?? Huh? what's that?
Don't but songs on my iPad, but I had to buy new single ((:
White guys are slower then black players CAN NOT BELIEVE THEY SAID THAT NFL CHANNEL
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack FRIENDS! :D
I have that book but haven't read it yet.
“: all these car accident scenes with quinn make me remember last summer...”
who is more at fault vienna or jake?
If I paid you for a service, do it. Period. Otherwise, don't do business. Period. Shit isn't rocket science.
So yummy and chocolatey and don't even get me started on the frosting!
We're really squished into MPR 1 but it's a lot nicer than the auditoria.
torn between beautiful weather and convincing my husband to go see the premiere of miranda July's The Future"
When I listen to Justin Bieber, and look at pictures of 1D, I feel like its such a contradiction...
Deleting half of my essay. Crap.
Have you ever been to base 3.5? It's really gay, so I suspect your former boyfriends have taken you there.
love your dress
No sign of a tornado in east Dallas, but I hear the sirens and loud thunder.
wheeewwwww made it to austin after 12 hours of airport bulllllllshiyteee
hold in alot inside lately i hate for a nikka to feel this raft shit aint goin to b pretty, im tring to just meditate so no case get caught
Thanks! You do the same!
#iReallyHateWhen people ask stupid questions
Fox theater OE Online Club Presale Tickets buy now. Password is "INEVITABLE"
when girls cuss alot<<<
My Mom Said Hi...
Who's going to #PSU for blue and white weekend?
Thanks - great to see you! RT : You rock too. Looking forward to your next adventure.
same goes to you! :)
I saw a girl wit 10 different colors in her hair on the train...
HAHAHAHA OF COURSE THEY'RE HAVING A PARADE!! oh, clovis.
so when do you get it back....?
I tried to put my track on the ourstage competition but their system is down til April 22. I can wait
good morning drinking down my coffee with some MaxPro good stuff giving free samples @ w.mmabq.com
Belgium and Netherlands
Izturis is a cancer to the Brewers. What is he doing on the team?
Isn't that a 1980s comedy bit? You should be standing in front of a brick wall with a microphone.
im sending something today
just found zorap.com - can create personal page allowing synchronous sharing of video, music, photos etc with mutl-point audio and video.
lol I know I'm out there Thursday haha
Welcome To The Show 1.5 Hosted By aka Bruce Wayne Co Staring Vegaz Dre-No.
#ImSorryThat the way I dress doesn't live up to your standards, but #RealityCheck I don't live to please you.
I'm loving the fan right now. San Jose is to hot for a husky bulldog tonight.
oh okay ! i thought something was wrong !
ALWAYS TRY 2 B HONEST...
Keep having dreams about #oomf. Not cool.
How is it two already? I need to come home before 5am next time maybe...
Attended UMD ONE & networked SAA w/unsuspecting organizations, all of whom have interest in what audiology can offer. Thinking outside!
Is 10:09 pm to early for bed? That's ok, I was born a bum
Merry Christmas!
lol, hopefully soon! congrats though <3
haha that's awesome :)
I can't wait for Christmas to be here already I Want snow!!
Tonight I'm spinning the mother of all hip hop sets for the show at - benefit for Civic Frame.
Just getting off gotta get some sleep working in the bronxs tomorrow boston rd n 233st city shit really sucks.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I've always wanted to run on top of a running car like in the action movies.
# NF follow. Back
You deserve best tweets to She's very adorable gives you outstanding tweets to you. :) #LotsOfLove <U+2665>
Hard at work never felt so good. Can't wait for the 15th
Sparse group of protesters outside the Capitol, but plenty of free coffee.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Easy Whole Wheat Bread 4.58 / 5 Stars | 44 Reviews by PETZDELIGHT "An easy basic recipe for whole wheat bread th
So happy that voices on like and have us up writing #code for #learning #programs that #work for tweeps!
Thats what they're probably gonna do. And no i know im gonna cry like a baby tonight, just thinking about it breaks my heart!
#Dodgers won and Christ is risen! Um, maybe that should be the other way round. Happy Easter!
not that i dont adore you.. but i already got tickets to that show... im getting the feeling like i hve said to much..lol
Follow me please? :) <U+E022>
Gotta get up early tomorrow, work in the morning.
Just saw that Ariana Grande, who plays Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious, joined Adva Mobile
Wouldn't be great if we held monthly event at the stadium 4 our fallen heros/sons & daughters that have died 2 protect our country!!
Dont forget my name you tatted on that lil monkey (ass) RT : I always forget I have a tattoo
co-sign.....RT : #peoplechat A1: The alternative is hiring an EE who never develops? Pass.
These storms are like a woman in a shoe store. Confused, loud, and fun to watch!
nice work! How about some weights & times?
Haha, before clicking the link I was going to say "Checkout "
thanks to you at for allow two brackets...only one has Mizzou as champs...
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
that's the funny thing, I was just walking into whole foods & tripped on the sidewalk. FML
#FF Support Film, Theatre, Music & Performing Arts in Jax
This weather... -_-
Now that I have learned how to swim, I can't wait to get back in the waters.
there is no chance! She's the most attractive woman alive, stop being so selfish!
Are you planning a summer vacation this year? Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
How does G+ ensure an identity is authentic? "We have a rudimentary system to verify high profile users" only - #SXGoogle+
Is it Friday yet?
Dad: *Points to guy with long dark hair and tattoos* "Look it's Kohl! He missed you soo much that he drove all the way out here to see you!"
Did it come with an eye roll?
If only he could pick up socks. He'd be a true laundry room savior.
Thank you to everyone that helped make our first annual Earth Month 5K AMAZING yesterday...we appreciate each and every one of you!
Oh it is ok! I'm sure they were pretty awesome people.
Thanks! And I only have 1 of those (practical IA).
Laying down, I can hear my own heartbeat. Wonderful music;
Keys locked in car? I unlock them for free. Engine light on? I read the codes for free
I'm bored
“: ": Note to self: Kyle sucks at telling jokes..."he sucks at errrythang” I'm the illest, swag swag
oh really good fer u em olo
you are amazing, I love you baby
is Steven gonna wear pink?
yes! Email me if you want to be apart of it.
thank you for a great # #HallOfFame, and also for playing 2 compositions by , its been good listening in
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
We have a reverbnation but choose not to use it. No clean tracks atm, our 1st EP is going to be released sometime in 2012
#WeWontWorkOutIf you're not down with RT
Good looks my nigga #wme RT : S/o to the homie for making another hit
I'm going out on a limb here guessing it was not from a .edu address haha.
Today I just got the joke: why was 6 afraid of 7? 7 ATE 9
Excellent. My wife's from DC & I've always enjoyed visiting. Not sure how long I'll be in Austin but enjoying it while it lasts.
Great to hear that the USDA released strong, rational nutrition standards for school meals--even if french fries and pizza remain a staple!
The Basma Hameed Clinic is donating Areola Reconstruction to Breast Cancer Survivors*Avon Walk June 2-3
Keep fighting … Derrick Bell was a genius - nothing to be ashamed of supporting him.
thanks for the RT Serg! Are you ready for Sunday?
Had a very productive day. Got a lot accomplished and spent time w/ my <U+2665>.
I will do it.
Roommate fantasizin bout girls right now ! LMAO !
Thanks to all of the speakers at
The freshmen at Wendy's piss me off so much lmfao
#FF shout out to #TCDisrupt Battlefield finalists: and winner
ahh I MUST go see it! Many people have said the same thing! It must be good if it topped the box office @ $200 mill!!
As a polysci student, Ive long since learned to be skeptical of "cost to govt" claims. Way too much data that can be manipulated
can I find it at Whole foods? and Trader Joes?
As 3rd quarter ends, Horns put 4 fingers in the air and wave them -- symbolizing Cal's four turnovers, I presume.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. -Will Rogers
RT : Ok tweeps I'm speaking at and have voodoo tix so ping me to attend
big trade for them. they made a nice deal for themselves RT : Today is a glorious day in Brewers country! Greinke,
Thanks, Lu. I appreciate you giving me a cold to say thank you for the great birthday.
Hemoglobin is a great word
whoa! holy book backlog ~ I started reviewing books a couple months ago...love this little side job - hobby - OBSESSION :)
Feels good to be back in KC
I think I was lucky 2 meet folks at the #crownplaza. nice to meet you and give yall directions to your conference ;o)
Same here. That's why I want to know what's out there. NO TIME to reinvent the wheel when it comes to #firstgen issues!
that's a lovely new profile picture. You look adorably trapped.
Of course right after i shower , my bus calls to say its not running
On set all day filming Pioneer Commercial!!
Happy mothers day mom! love you so much.
Yeah, they have started doing it too
if it ends up coming in during the wee hours of the morning, that's ok
I'm sorry but that's awful greg
Court rules McD's Happy meals legal. Toys weren't making kids fat. Ya want skinny kids, make the doors smaller so fat parents can't get in.
Polls closed for the #elections 1 hour ago on the east coast! Stay tuned as 's Clarity ENR powers election results online!
RT RT : As a #Sagittarius you are excellent at promoting anything. You have incredible intuition.
You need a standing ovation if you stand in my location, every nigga round here done been shot or on probation...
yes! Love Jonny!
Instead of planning lessons, think about designing learning experiences.
Happy New Year!
unless the name is in the Bible lol
I can't believe I didn't wear my Hunters today.
Sorry I missed the memorial. I hope you guys are doing ok.
:D big smiley!
“: Niggas need down here. My god I've never been this disappointed #matame lol”where u at???
Ya'll suck. I got a B+!!! Those coveralls were A material people A MATERIAL!
Are you ready?
Viewing ' entertaining music video for the "We <U+2665> our Workplace” contest
FCS joins Fairfax Band, CHRISTMAS IN FAIRFAX, Sat. 12/19 at 7PM, Fairfax High School. Tickets from The City Band. Merry Christmas!
If we stop using oil the dinosaurs died in vain.
The vast majority of antibiotics used in the U.S still go to treat animals, not humans (they dont even really need them)
Stop being so gorgeous! I'm jelly! <U+E022>
any well-designed and well-coded theme will say it offers nested comments. Look for a live demo too, should show you
Happy Easter, y'all!
T-minus 13 hours and counting - miles on the trane
The guy that i'm a sound productions asisstant for is ashton kutcher's neighbor...
I wonder if Kmart stores dream about being Target stores.
Good fight
It's true. If you think he's hot I am too. He looks like old pedo.
Grant committee just approved grants for two teens to receive piano lessons!
That and I was having connectivity issues :-) so I stopped posting!
u already know
John Laurinaitis Sucks!
Doing a Movie tonight!!! ME & shotta luv my son...
114th anniversary: April 24, 1898: Spain declared war on the United States after rejecting to withdraw from Cuba. –And got our asses kicked.
You ain't the only real nigga . -Drake. <3
#Punchline And then there were no more Latkes!!!! ....LATKES!
Getting drunk and watching Family Guy is probably all that's gonna happen. :)
Following the End Subminimum Wage# discussion with interest. Viewed Senate Committee mtg 9/15. Sheltered workshops make things for Wal-Mart.
Of course I do
Bout to do some cleaning and then sister time w/ :)
There probably from Iowa where that's exceptable
and thank you :-)
it isn't always enough to be forgiven by others, sometimes you are to learn to forgive yourself!
Remember to back it up like a Tonka truck, DALE!!!
#SXSWi is right around the corner. Hoping everyone takes part in finding the "iTriage man" in Austin for a chance to win!
I really want to go to the cinema with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> is that wired?? <U+2764>
Thank you for sharing your talent with us last night!!! So honored to have you both there!
psyched to have you guys as our first performers of the Live From The Carriage House series !!
you're living the startup dream :p
I have no one to impress anyways...
The flight was so wild yesterday, that the flight attendant spit-up afterwards and announced the wrong city that we were in..lol..crazy!!!
Which website are you on?
new icon <U+270C> you like?
Dealer Expo is finally here! Stop by booth #4753 and chat with us about how we can help protect your ride!
RT : Discrimination is a cancer on a country's soul.
what can I get u for mothers day hahaha
Jeez here we go. is gonna come at me with his NBA stats lol. Well I love a man who knows his stuff. Im still #TEAMSPURS <3
Just completed Week 2 - Day 2 (completed 1.80mi with run pace of 17:56 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
We shall see we shall see my friends
idk what it takes to get too follow you, but obviously I dont got it... lololol
HAHA in my eyes YES!!! =) Too be honest slacking and enjoying life... taking advantage of time with
STAY AWAKE
Good Morning to u ! Hope u have great day too!
Going in and out of sanity at this hour.
I just need someone to talk to. To just help me.
his name was Jake Reynolds
If a reporter visits your social media site and doesn't see an active audience, they won’t see the relevancy of featuring your in a story.
Skipping school ! Woo
I can try lol.
18 papers graded in 3 hours; 10 minutes per paper. Not too shabby and only 10 to grade by 11 am tomorrow. Off to VB game.
Pretty much the best easter ever! But I have to wake up at 6:00 tomorrow... <U+E408><U+E421><U+E13C>
Feeling a little sneezy this afternoon; tis the season, I guess! But still, I love the Springtime and it's almost official! Yay!
Good to see you today. I forgot I even booked tonites L
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
Questions about the services we offer or dentistry in general? www.kravitzdental.com
Tomorrow's WOD at is gonna
Just trying to grow my small company in the worst economy in 75 years. You?
man funny thing is you love the shit out of me
No, thank you! You provided needed insights.
Fox's Pizza in Tipp City, OH May 7th! Starts at 5! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
any advice ?
People who don't brush they teeth and wash they face before they tweet<<<<<<<<<<<<
Exactly, Coach! Boys haven't been the same since you left.
Hopefully that will happen one day
Good morning! My manager is wearing jeans today. I didn't think she OWNED jeans!
ha ha! I have to work it out first!!!
I've felt awful all day...should really be in bed, and I stayed up for that, and now feel worse.
Leaving the office after deadline for a story tomorrow, going to get into bed with a late stew supper, as is my classy wont
#bucks don't deserve the playoffs of they lose to the 2nd worst team in the NBA. thank god they didn't waste tonight's crew coverage!
in re: preprints: it burns!
come to Edmonds
Gary Strand, quoting an old boss: "I love standards because there are so many to choose from."
Freelancing is the best way if you get bored easily...
MUCH LUV 2 VIP IT"S POP N 2NITE @ RAIN E40 N DA HOUSE & NWC WILL B THERE NODOUBT KEEP N IT REAL 4 VIP @ AZ WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Pa
I've been on medicine for 2 days now & I'm still unbelievablely hot :/
Neck of The Woods may be their most simplistic journey yet, but it's beautiful. Joy of an album.
Nothing like a little sunny sunday brunch! Walk on over!
okay, i will try.
uh huh uh huh Josh deFINE. and his brother. omg.
Charisma is sparkle in people that money can't buy. It's invisible energy w visible effects. Marianne Williamson
I'm also motivated by grapes. I just like mine expertly fermented in Mendoza, France or California.
voted today
yeah really! hopefully they have neighbors that'll update them. was that in an evac zone?
It's true-I judged. Unicorn just takes the cake (or pie) every time.Sparkles are like a party for your mouth!
Put your middle fingers up!
GOAL DEVILS
I'm expecting another Boston visit when you and get out of school for the summer
we have our ways Jules. Have faith haha! Jk
Really disappointed in my former home state, North Carolina. Wish I could've been there to vote against A1. Come on now, people.
favorite smell: carbs toasting in a toaster oven
RT : "Whenever you have truth it must be given with #love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected." -Mahatma Gandhi
:) thank you
hey Alex!!! :D will u follow me plz? And did u watch Austin on ustream last night he did a good job :)
“: Men, will you vow to lead? Print out a copy of the vow://t.co/Rk3eCM7d” Amazing! Hope all men participant!!!
Pretty new to the #Twitter game. Would I get more #followers if I put a screen cap of #Twilight or something as my profile pic?
No cast!!!!! Splint, but NO DAMN CAST!
get here.
Anybody planning on going out to the Virginia State Fair?
So new song is absolutely fucking amazing. I can't stop listening.
My mama must of speed cause she almost in Lubbock.
Come hang out at the Fox and Hound tonight! Campbell and 75. (Over 21 only, please.)
two more hours before our music video for "She's Automatic" hits! Retweeeeet if you've already told all your friends!
Perry drops out of Pres. race after Romney tells him to run for the 10th Supreme Ct. seat where voting begins Nov. 12, 2012.
What up! I need a Promo for an album. What do you say?
what do you use tumblr for?
what are the best food sharing apps? foodspotting? the eatery? looking for something social and journal-like that I can refer to
Advantages and lot of disadvantages still
Thanks for info on Vaclav Havel and the Dalai Lama.
why. Cause of that slutbag?
That Gendarme just body-slammed Australia bikini guy
that sucks. My daycare provider is awesome. I can give you her info if you need it.
it's not the way it has to go, it's just what I prefer
#Forever Living Products get results!!!
Have fun!
glad you liked it! It is an install of all new ceramic and paper works by Arlene.
As a grown adult you should know better than to EVER be left alone w/ a box of Samoas.
Gotta get ready for photo shoot tonite ;-)
Nobody in the business is better at trading stock options. We are the best in the business. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Hope the weekend went well! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users. Follow me to DM?
oh, and another thing... NO we will not kidnap your alcoholic grandmother who wants a drink, when theres nothing wrong with her!!!
Sux about DRose. One of the VERY few NBA players I like.
My mom just sent me a text that said "Save a horse, ride a pony ;)" ohmy! i love her :P
i dunno about panels,but The Bellmen will knock your socks off.
Talk to me
thanks for the amazing day
Night with my boy ! Woohoo!!
too way off
We need a reunion, post haste
when will that day be when will follow me or RT me? but #neversaynever :)
I don't understand how some ppl are tellinn other ppl's moms Happy Mother's Day but not their own... confusion!!
Dan Matisa's dare is: "Present mediocre is better than future exceptional." #dareproject 19 is 1/25!
I have 3 F's. One in my 7th period. I didn't even want a stupid 7th period. Roar!
this too. RT : Sometimes I hate how I have a knack for repeating a song until it wears out.
Off to the Dr for a physical and a good ole 2 finger salute
yay jessica is in the final!!
I knew Mrs. Obama before she was First Lady and she did indeed shop at
That's true- This city sure does make it easy to show off.
It's awful. I don't function right at 8:15. It wouldn't be as bad if my history professor wasn't boring as hell!
Fuck this sub.
your 30 years of support lets me do it! ty
Every time a girl gets a new weave they always look like a different person >.<
Hope to see you all at the #unity rally ready to create a unity mural!
yep! Can't drive and text. #oprah would not approve
How often do you get your car washed?
Jazz jury, paper, and take home final away from winter break. Finish line in sight.
is there a way to create line breaks in twitter?
You lyin! RT : I'm working there!
Whoa Philly is super nice and warm out right now! Hope the weather is excellent for everyone else too!
if we have at least 15 ppl, then it's like $4 per person. Last tweet up wasn't quite free either.
Real recognize real, and you don't look familiar
3/25,anniversary of Triangle fire. Tragic proof of need for unions. Unions keep America strong and Americans free.
Mitt Romney announces he's running for prez. Speaking tomorrow in DC at the Faith & Freedom conference.
Are We Acting Like A Couple im Just Trying To Get This Straight Cause im Over Here Convinced That it's Too Early For Mistakes.
try it… it looks dumb but its so amazing
Oh, that's another point. Have they played since Diaw joined the team?
didn't get the email.
Is it Friday yet?? So ready
Come on...all electric cars are a joke! It's just stupid! Greenie Liberal Crap!
except u missed me.
Be happy ... that's your assignment today.
I get that the web is dynamic, but so many sites I use have redesigned lately that I feel like I have to relearn too many at once
#contests coming up win #free #art #vacations in
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye
Rats Are Rats...
not a mariners fan
How to make Aegean Art Captivating...
Yeah!!!!!! Now what? College basketball is over!!!
My boobs hurt right nao.
i think you were the only one lol
Job help, networking events: Business calendar - Plain Dealer
While I was researching the pros & cons of "log in as page" on Facebook for the 2 sites I help administer the option disappeared!
I need a break, been working to hard this morning by myself!?
How this shid get to OT?
well where the H. were u for eight hours???
Serial killer Scott Williams had dozens of ceramic dolls in his bedroom.
you'll get the hang of it, at 1st I felt the same way u did, but then I got used to it, just like I got used to FB lol:)
Editing has resumed. Here's hoping it one day ends.
Paolo and Eugenio — We look forward to your tweets! Your friends in California, Alisha and Polly
Basketball season is officially underway! And while I forever miss the SuperSonics... I still love the game! :-)
The Candlestick Park Antique & Collectible Faire for tomorrow has been cancelled!
My dreams be telling me shit!!
lol she tired of us ignoring her every year lol
Another day at school of massage therapy MLK is on monday no school but keep on studyin tho i luv my school.
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
aaaahhh love it!!!
are you getting a new one?
do you want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
it's all being done in the name of rights. They have the same "rights" as we do, but marriage? Pray for them.
aw thanks =]
EVERYBODY I JUST MADE DA PAGE FOR THE TEAM GO FOLLOW & we'll follow back
A5) Adults fear death b/c they're concerned of a life unfulfilled. Children don't even consider dying b/c they're busy living.
it always sounds like water is running through your walls aftet you take a shower
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguish the small, it rekindles the great!
Ru getting them?
Jessica's face changed when I knew the words to a verse of a Travis song
First up: "Best practices in Digital Pedagogy"
#beadlesFact Christian is a natural blonde.. He that's why there are some pictures of him with blonde hair:)
I miss my sister, too! There is nothing like a sister.
web search - there are a lot of contest for amateur or school videos out there this time of year too
SPH Alumni Society President Deborah Lasher encourages grads to stay connected to SPH throughout their lives.
So Your A Cutie <3
Hafta work another Saturday... Hello 60+ hour week... Paycheck better be worth it! Cant wait to get off work and see the girl :-)!!
And I wonder how the folks in suits & ties are coping?! RT : Wow DC is HOT today. Love it.
In so much pain. My legs, my abs, my back.
I'm just going to say it.I really hate you right now, you screwed me over.some friend you WHERE....ya and by WHERE I mean NOT ANYMORE!!!
Hm. What to do when your 5 year old gives your one year old his first haircut when your back is turned.
just started using for project managment & crm. It's free up to 1GB storage. just which they had plugins...
i'm always looking out for you cause' you're the one i miss.
Haha now the weird happy ending..
every now and then..
Just had lunch for the first time and it was great. Definitely going to be going there a lot in the future.
No rehearsal tonight after all. Gonna have time to watch some Hopefully there'll be some good performances.
“: If you could drive your car straight up you would arrive in space in just over an hour.” AW MAN I WANNA!!!!
Hey have you heard of ? I think they'll be your new jam!!
We did 2D as well. Not interested in paying extra for distracting gimmickry. (And we loved it!)
"SNO" Clothing this Second Saturday on J street Check us out. All "SNO" shirts will be going for $25 Dollars Even....
hi love <3 how are you?
FYI, loved using StageIt -- really easy, really worked! let me know if you want more info. Hope you're well!
I seriously can't by myself around you. And that's kinda sad.
People are dancing in the airport ....um ok. I can dig it I guess
Listening to Thelonius Monk's son talk about his father at Reston Comm Center. Hilarious and Historical!
If ur afraid to open your mouth...how the hell will u ever get what u want¡
Attending stream: Data Privacy Day 2012: “Should Librarians Care About Privacy Anymore?” A Webinar Featuring Barbara Jones
bf3 is actually crazy good. Graphics are insane and you can actually drive things. Tank, jets, etc
whoa u look so nice
Good morning everyone!
Try making weekly goals each Monday, when goals are short and measurable they can be much easier to stick to!
I forget what was Haydens allience team called last year on
(insert insightful comment here)
wow! very sweet compliment - especially coming from you. thank you so much. gonna be out your way next month. hope to catch up :-)
Jealous as fuck. Haha. Not fair..
“: I'm seriously just gonna find myself a hot croatian guy and never come back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” I swear, life goals.
recipe on bag of Nestle toll house chips is best!
I'm now being followed by ? Must be another one of those spam accounts.
Dang Russ is killing
taking note of that... How was dinner with your parents in Plano?
Agree<3: It #hasalwaysbeenmydream to be happy. Nothing more nothing less. I just want to grow old, look back on my life; and smile
Thanks, you too!
woah!!! Sneak picture attack!!! I'll miss you greatly, Vanessa. I really will.
lets all get up and dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born
Im sure 90% of your followers dont give a fuck on how much you love your mom today. Lol
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
Alex , follow me?(:
I don't want to be judgmental Bcuz I have friends that's been with fifty ppl..lol but their usually hoes.
Good morning tweeps! Doing a few minutes on the Spinner then must get serious! Tweet you later!!!
about what?? :P
“: I can't believe it's time for interleague...”
Thanks amigos! You're genuinely one of the best bands in Memphis and we hope you continue to grow.
Education is sharing, and sharing is caring.
hey guys, let's get a show going!
Found this AWESOME free personal finance site today. Supposedly I'm a late adopter but for those who've never heard of it... www.mint.com
no fascinating. I'm near the front.
YOU'RE WELCOME<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
welcome to the wonderful world of #apple <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done. I'm loving every minute of it.
dance voice and piano
Great crowd at Business Wire's Meet the San Diego Media breakfast!
What an incredible day - I have to remember, even at 35, I still need to be mentored. Meaningful mentorship & education are keys to success.
The club I played at was all abuzz about their hometown girl!
so excited to have lady macbeth's this cinco de mayo!!! such a wonderful drink! thanks larry for my special drink!!!
get out of here.
“: Packing for spring break? Don't forget the #Crocs!" NOT! I wear real gators and crocs not tourist gear!
Why the F is my 6 pound toy dog snoring like an man right now.! *light kick to the end of the bed* ah that's better
Before I met & learned a bunch of Scottish words, I never knew what to call weather like this, when it's raining dreariness
The lifespan of an effective teacher is extended via the success of his/her students.
Interesting how the second most attractive and least attractive are hell-bent on firing the most attractive.
Life... Not for everybody
2010 is alright so far. Good luck to you this year.
Glad you got value from my presentation, Trudy, and I hope you enjoy my book! Let me know if you have any questions.
he said i dont care i think
I plan on remaining in complete denial that's 30 rock will ever end
parking tickets are $125? Ohh I think I will stick with riding the train when I come 2 town. No car rental 4 me.
STILL ON FOLLOW LIMIT D: SO SORRY GUYS
Of course it's interesting! It's my baby. ;-) I guess I'll have to see how it goes when I start getting feedback. Thanks!
At People's assembly st water st about 500 here
A prat is in actual fact, a pregnant goldfish. Prat = obnoxiously making bad decisions (at least in the UK anyway)
hope everyone enjoyed my performance last nite at soundclash..thanks fa da chance and fa da hypeness of walls.lol
follow back please??
Cositah! I love you :) I love you so much ^-^
heey(: Nothing much you?
Art Walk begins at 7pm tonight. Don't miss in the 4141 Building and all the other great exhibits.
Woodfish hosting all day, all ages, Lake Fest 2010 outside deck party overlooking Lefferts Lake @ The Buttonwood Mannor in Matawan, July 25
thanks for the follow! You're gonna have a blast with these workouts! They're hard but very rewarding at the end :)
me too!
haha damn straight shes normal now
Thanks for helping us celebrate unsung #volunteer heroes,
All I want to do is not do my homework
Iguodala Stop Shooting!!!
Even more excited about watching your show tomorrow after such a monumental day! #evolved #cheers!
Wait....New Jersey is next to New York....I might meet the boyz either way...alright...i'm good(:
passion pit goes hard.
entrance exam
physically closed the doors on you? shit, did you do anything??
Now in days its all about good looks over personality.... Smdh like yup you gotta cute face but your persobaluty is b.s therefore your b.s
Going to bed...goodnight twitter :-)
will he wear 18?
Holy Bitch.
#SCMS12 break: Hunger Games!!!
i wanna hear it!
While O's green machine strives to clean-out America's old school autos, Finland's #FHRA vigorously restores & upgrades our discarded metal.
Congratulations! RT : And Kappa Theta brings home the title of Regional Ms. Black and Gold! Congrats Megan!!
i always wanted to be an actor
same as robert sallie pills??
fist bumps ok. Also I don't do stubble. & I'm a chick among many who knows her damn stuff. Thanks for asking!
'Have You Seen Her' or 'Think About It'
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
I heard..Sadly Im gone Friday :( but lets hang next week and try and convince Tom to come Thursday instead!
did you make it out to the Vevet room last night
I'm impressed by how Brouwer's modernity combines with folk and dance idioms.
"Writing is more difficult than making a really hard game." --Michael "Kayin" O'Reilly, creator of 'I Wanna Be The Guy'
The last day of Dance Is The Answer! Special classes today at Elements Fitness and Wellness Center, Maryland Youth Ballet, & Dance Place.
That would be lovely. I think IPO then Mobile is the priority right now.
link isn't working
get out this afternoon and support the Girls basketball in regional tournament play at Bellermine!
Staring at code for the last few hours. Had no breakfast and I'm on my 4th cup of coffee. That's bad right?
Hey there! I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this...
u already know
Don't be annoying RT : How do I become cool? help me! Lmao
you'd like to order-there is a 20% friends/family discount code-1209 and free shipping for 3 or more
A 51-year-old engineer working at an airplane testing facility has been sucked into an engine and killed.
I been waiting 4ever!! Hurry
Hey Wes, glad to connect! If you have any feedback on our video series, we'd love to hear it. :-)
oh yea we can do that
You heard it here first, #Knicks in 9!
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
duke vs. FSU prediction?
Congratulations to the Radcliffe family, who will still get to cheer for Prince Fielder on a regular basis.
Cubs have a rain delay every other game
4-0 win over the SeaWolves tonight..now can we make it more than 1 in a row
Well there's reason for concern now. Velocity isn't the same nor is his control. Usual signs of health issues.
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist was on TV show.
Elise is skyping my mom all the way from Korea to tell her happy mother's day!
RT : How is music going to change the world? Check out the new website by INKster and find out!
next tuesday is my birthday hopefully I can find something by then.
And yet you could argue that my tweeting from SABEW is doing exactly what Blodget is saying not to do. The J-Conference Paradox?
your obviously drunk or faded as fuck
Heading out!
play a good team and then y'all can talk but for now y'all poo poo
OMG....HAVE U BEEN DRINKING LATELY ........PLZ DON'T DRIVE STAY SAVE...... BYE
My broker just emailed me. Says I can get a "free" 32 GB iTouch4 with Bose Headphones....if I deposit $75,000 in my account! LOL
that's a good rebuttal... I think you are 0 - 3 :)
Some days I need better time management skills.
which on are you going to park in?!
Hot as hell today!
Be sure to catch me in the mix tonight on ! Tune in at 2:20am for the 'clubbers commute' w my man
You never realize how lazy people actually are until you work in retail.
great burger!
For health and the constant enjoyment of life, give me a keen and ever-present sense of humor it is the next best thing to an ab
Late to school... Shocker
Parent: What did you learn today? Student: Apparently not enough! We have to go back tomorrow!
look like u gone have to aint nun i can do
During physical, doctor accidentally tickled me. I laughed. It was awkward. Then he touched my crotch. So that's my day so far.
it is also a hipster beer now. But yes hipsters are culture borrowers and took it from rednecks
The #Atlanta #Hawks just DON'T THINK the game of basketball. smh.
On my way to Lowell MA to perform at Dr Gertrude Bailey School ! (:
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
who won? Lol
#HappyMothersDay ladies and to the gentlemen it applies to..
hi twitter world. Hope your 2012 year is starting off Productive & with no worries-
I'm going green by recycling exboyfriends. Your welcome.
Hey, that's us! Thanks again for your feedback and time today. Have a great visit in CA!
In addition to the design panel discussion we should also attend a class in editing. You know, 140 characters is hard when we're so psyched!
Yes. You can represent anything you believe in with humble faith. We choose to represent equal life opportunities for pets.
and it's Abercrombie who knows how expensive it was sorry julian
you're welcome!
so bored. i need something to do.
Fuck that, I'll fight old people
your beer choice now makes a lot more sense.
Save some for me!!!
GoodNight Ppl ; )
when are we having that fire at your house?!
thanks for the tip!!
Bruins on head-hunting expedition: Hunter
Knocked out
. + back-end interface to edit mostly static pages, because he'll eventually pass the site off to someone else.
Awww I am off now :) RT Waiting for to come home from WORK...
Love to Bill Cosby need his help.
Playground coloring !
thanks man. I credit the equipment. All I do is click.
both of them -.- I don't want roshon to leave :'(
still being true blue with a little reality sprinkled in wow what a game.
We aren't giving tours at the moment. Feel free to stop by and say hello, though!
where have you been all my life?
What's your favorite song?
I wanna tell you how I feel, but if I do I'm afraid it'll just push you away
hey niall, follow me and i'll buy you all the food you could ever imagine!
video girl the movie in theaters amc empire in nyc today, rave 18 in L.A. tonight 1145pm, starring meagan good, the block in orange, ca 2
I'd love to see Celtics-Heat, but I'd also love to see the Heat choke against Indiana. So, go Pacers.
Thanks for RT !
man whats poppin tonight, just smoke some kush feeling like swaggin out tonight
I'm on a Money Making Mission
RT : Niggas out here having great relationships with they real fathers smh
#Reiki music is lovely!
the humidity doesn't bother me what so ever
Advice from Dad: If you don’t know, say so. If you don’t know what you’re talking about, stop talking.
Cool service, though. Should be easy enough for them to tweak? 10ft isn't that much for Seattle
that ghost is adorable. Seriously. Cutest dead thing I've seen all day.
#ThingsThatILike Thumping #DuhVille in the Final Four
"your heart is raisin-shaped." I prefer to think I'm smarter than falling in love, so raisin-shaped it is!
I'm not talking about performance. I'm talking about team character and fan support.
The reason we live is to live with reason.
Ryan Leslie is my dude! #GreatR&BMusic
think you got hacked, buddy. got a weird DM from you yesterday, as well as last week :/
Inspirational lyrics- E.Y. Harburg- Somewhere over the rainbow, the dreams that you dare to dream, really do come true
pizza sounds good about now, Josh!
They do look really good this year. Their depth is scary.
Hope my bro dosnt find out I'm throwing a party
Nick Brien's analogy re evolution of biz- used to be bowling, now pinball.
Me too. If I forget, downgrade me.
I don't think it matters what the #broncos get back for #Tebow. Sunk cost of a 1st round pick, but addition by subtraction.
I'm so glad you liked it! thanks for reading!
And now we give the kibosh to our friends at Amazon. Hedging works when short overvalued securities even in bull markets.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
I'm so beyond tired it's crazy
Congrats ! So proud! Now let's celebrate <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
indeed, it's a few blocks from where we live now.
Late-night Bach (D major WTC2)
What a historic night. According to reports, #binladen is dead. My thoughts, gratitude and prayers are w/our troops. Thank you.
Getting ready for Church. <U+2764>
nyquil when not sleepy!
What a great catch up. Korea it is! Let's do this again soon...
LOL. That's a good theme! RT : Let the 80s ski outfit bday pub crawl begin!
made more vegan cornbread, made curry popped corn for snacks, acquired cool musick, now getting some flight time while clothes dry.
ok cool. tell Jonathan to come thru too
Unofficial trivia question: What was the name of the B&B where Buckley's now is? No googling. Be fair.
I know it sucks for him, but dude can't play 3 weeks straight in the field without hurting himself.
Hooray! The SMPS Golf Tourney is around the corner- JUNE 1 - Beautiful Coronad0 Golf Course! Registration is filling up fast!! Secure your…
Hope Dog House cleared up all their health dept. violations. Eeewww.
Need to make lesson plans for my student. She is in Grade 3. Her Star tests were last week. During practice she was failing and I was hired.
please email me that Frozen in Time song :)
thanks for coming by the kids loved meeting you. We will have to get the Hospital TV to auto tune to E. Thanks again!
then *poof* you're on Facebook, right? #whatthe?
Garlic fries, fish n chips, and carbonated beverages = one stuffed Mike! Taking a walk while Lenny sings American Woman!
I'm a potato... Niall likes food so he like potatoes.. Niall likes me
S/O to my fellow Greek !
your song titles are some of my favorite things ever.
I DO TOO(;
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic!?
I agree. Thanks for both your responses.
ha! i'm guessing that both of you shook your heads in disapproval when you saw the battery status on that photo.
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Dear get a better profile pic. Emo kids are so 2005
Impressive vector maps (and Rebecca Solnit quote!) from CEO Danny Moon. Also presenting from an iPad-- appropriate.
Just becasue I dont pick up the phone everytime you call, it doesnt mean I lost interest.... I just need some (ME) time, thats all.
RT : "Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well."
I heard there was a photo of her leaving Justin's hotel, crying. Apparently Forbes said Justin was Single so I'm confused.
Looking for a GREAT venue for this summer's company outing? Think ! Your staff will love you for it! :)
haha its a Drake kind of night :)
actress is a comedian named Stephanie Courtney. Charactrer's name is Flo & she has a Wikipedia entry out there.
Smells like chicken in here...could it be the 15 quarts of stock in a rolling boil on the stove...?
<<<< calculator taker
At church:-)
Never been this hurt, if only she knew tht or even cared enough..! :"(
isnt it always the way... i didnt get to finish my finding aid, worked on revising the collection dev policy instead.
“: I would have banned coaches/players for life” Ditto!
Sure...I will check out your site!
wondering WTF! is twitter? its kinda stupid and pointless so im not gonna get on although i have like what 2 friends yeah no wait 3
This record goes dumb!
Found myself sucked back into writing fiction this week. Next week I'll probably pull out my watercolors.
I just want to take a moment and say thank you, Lord!
LOLOLOLOL! The OZ!
#IMayBeGayBut I don't hit on every guy I see.
they put ham on my sandwich and im allergic to it :-(
Stop making my phone buzz , loser ! ;D
Yeah Thats What You Think :p
Only if we can stop pretending that Pineda's injury is devastating to this season
": Listening to music = cure for being sad or angry because it says things we can't ourselves"
Feeling so blessed - loving these last days of summer with my family. God is so good, all the time.
where do you wanna go to college?
We use organic grapes because plants treated with pesticides tend to produce less Resveratrol.
Jesmyn, wonderful to meet you at the #LATFOB! I'm reading SALVAGE THE BONES as soon as I've met the deadline for my next novel!
You need to change your twitter avatar bro!
I hope everyone had a restful holiday weekend and that you got everything that you wanted from Santa!
The bigger the ride the more fun :D
Yeah but people keep coming so I'm sure it will pick up
Hey , what's up with Chronicling America? Making it tough to research for GoDC blog :-(
What is everyone doing to stay cool in this massive heat wave?!?!
yea like a lot of the people on the team are douche bags along with some coaches and you go to every practice and do shut but no play
A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
Check out the new website not fully finished but still entertaining... www.platinumposts.com
Got a lot if thinking to do :?
How does orange-hot pepper candle sound? I am going into making my own candles, why not? Be my own boss!
Yup, confusion over 2-hr delay has started.
Joshua "the Hulk" Posley
Thanks a lot, bro. You'll see :)
Ask me about my attention deficit disorder or pie or my dog. A cat. I have a bike. Do you like tv? I saw a rock. Hi.
Awesome player advisory board today w/ Tim Morgan, Mike Smith & Dave Castranova
I like them lol
Sorry, I have no power!
This is not good. The 2 teams I root for most are playing each other in the first round. Sorry and
I have a friend meeting them at bamboozle tomorrow and shes gonna try to have him call me ah
yes, whats your budget?
$100 on brewers cubs this weekend or what?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card coaches challenge mark Jackson maybe just what this team needs moving forward
YOU ARE TO BE EATEN BY A FLESH EATING SLOTH!
Paula Abdul.
My backyard looks like Wrigley Field!! Pretty excited about it. @
I am so mad right now god pick u your phones!!!!!!
#ActorsAccess is hilarious. Spend a fortune to upload your reel, then have to pay per submission for casting to see it.
Aw man. Bad print? That's a little disheartening!
he's rebounding over 6'8 person I excepted him to get Atleast 20
This is the kind of #kyderby where it's almost worth putting $5 bet on every horse to win. You take a hit if Union Rags wins, but....
Celebrate NYE w/us-live music, specials & midnight bubble toast, YES PLEASE! Open 4 NY Day brunch,10 a.m. 404-681-4434; parishatl.com 4 dets
Ladies and gentleman, we are at an impasse. Should this year's #movember blowout be on the Saturday before T-giving, or after?
I'm liking the Quadcore CPU, ICS & the new camera features. U cn do stills & vid simultaneously. RT :
Steak salad and fries!!! And studyn
there is nothing better then taking off your bra, and contacts, and trowing in pjs, with your hair up... <333
Don't like to use "sponsored by" or "brought to you by" - GMAS's Summer Concert Series is using "amplified" by Pepsi...cool
One Hour Til They Will Be Having In Studio Today To Promote His Show Tomorrow With
Love Michelle Williams in Fuschia!
Hi Emilia....please send a shipping address to and we'll send you some prototype GF cookies. Thx!
shall we dance?
Yuppers Dallas is the best!!! ;)
Good luck with your move! Every time I've moved, I always feel like I've been hit my a train afterwards! Even using movers!
'Yeah, whatever dude. I don't give a fuck. Its Wednesday!' -
- Hi Andy - We should be live in mid to late January.
I honestly don't know how I'm going to go the rest of spring quarter with no Internet or cable. This is torture right now!
lol well, right. So why pay extra and wait so much longer?
ahaha that sucks! I have a science project & were supposed to draw && I suck at drawing so I'm just not gonna do it cx
It seems cool, like pandora, but any song you want, offline access and it syncs your itunes library to your phone wirelessly
what kinda crap is that, don't eat it lol
; so you DO like & want cock? #TwitterOfficial btw, did you receive the bandanna I threw at you?
I want some pop tarts!
Hahaha I figured they would but that's a little too far. Thanks though!
If RGIII isn't the #1 Draft pick, something is wrong! He served up training camp passes in the 1st series!
Just me and the engineer today. Editing is so fascinating to watch. Very cool art form!
People say I'm lucky...I say that I'm blessed
Drowning in Web videos!
Miami this weeknd? ;)
Thanks Erica! Give Indy a treat for me!
m, chocolate milk
I'm a lot more frazzled today than I thought I would be. Hope I'm not this flaky tomorrow morning when I meet with library Exec group.
ok so there&#39;s nothing i need to explain. who decided to tell me? i learned a month later - i disagreed with arrangements when i was…
West coast mixtape coming soon send you track to my email
Hmm, perhaps. Some was in play pre-Free State as well though. & Yeats worked from within Irish canon/hierarchy. Can't [+]
DRIVE. Whoa. Yes.
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed n Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Call Monica 414/218-2202 milwaukeebedbreakfast.com
When you slide your hand up a guys gym shorts and they're not wearing anything under. >>>>>>>>>>
I know what they mean. I'm not sure you and do. Otherwise you wouldn't use them as sweeping pejoratives.
Live, Breathe, Web. It's what I do here. Check out the updated web portfolio for Ed Roper Designs, and throw me a "like"....
TREE INFO-Don't forget to water!
we all ready coach kick return for a TD i got you coach
Waiting for this night class to be over so I can go outt with my bo<3
God morning!! DAMN I FEEL GOOD, ha i got all that sleep lastnight!!;D #rise&grind
tried to call customer service and the line disconnects. would like someone from to get in touch with me.
RT : On behalf of tragedies #MMDM is 2 help mental illness by donating $ for every new follower now til 9/12 www.NAMI.org
sure! We don't have tix. What date is it?
Director Chris Mattaliano: There are actually 2 songs about V.D. In act 1. We cut one.
He's on a role! Waunakee's Parker Dietry nails French word "couverte" to advance to Round 6 of the National Spelling Bee.
Watch our dear friend and client Patti creator of on the Morning Blend at 9:20 today on her new studio, make-up by
Neil Armstrong has been kicking it suborbital since 1955! Excited abt his thoughts on X15 and "birth of suborbital spaceflight"!
Ashley Tisdale & Boyfriend Scott Speer Split: Report It looks like Ashley Tisdale is a single lady. Us Weekly reports that the High Schoo
Watching the #Clippers while picking winners for #HollywoodPark with a #PizzaPort brew in hand.
It's confusing..
That was the one that actually inspired last weekend's stupid MLB letter-swap thing. Still amuses me.
Playing a combo gig at Black on Burlington on August 3rd. Private event
HEY GUYS. LET'S GET TO 3 MILLION BEFORE PARADISE. <33333.
Sounds like a great weekend
lol I don't want to go either
Today, I saw a 60-year-old man with a Mickey Mouse football jeresey on. Apparently, Mickey is number 40.
point is not what happens2u but what u do getting thru it when it happens2 be better than u were before,not painted 4mos need to start soon
A day of doing absolutely nothing in Biology?! I never thought this day would come. Definitely going down in the history books.
twitter>homework
Note to Tilden Park visitors: "Pick up after your dog" doesn't mean "wrap shit in a plastic bag and leave it in the middle of the trail."
UPTOWN TONIGHT!!
Unfortunately no, but I would DEFINITELY love argyle pants.
Great food, good friends, good days
haha you did? You need to try out for project runway soon!
Good looking people when their significant other doesn't meet up to their 'hotness'.
I shall make sure you can room in the guest suite. It will have room for you, a private servant, and your piggy.
find yourself a great one!!
Presentation audio recording progress: 4/14 slides done.
The utilities section of the is officially my most fertile source of procrastination.
bands playing. Miss those summers as a kid though. Warped Tour was a lot of fun.
its always darkest before the dawn
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 118
OMG NO WAY I'M TELLING U THIS IS BULLSHIT NO WAY I'M SORRY BUT THOSE JUDGES ARE STRAIGHT UP HATING ON DONALD!!!! BO BO BO
so how was the #madmen premiere? haven't had a chance to watch yet
And all the equipment lets you log into Netflix.
So beautiful out! I love fall!!
Do I even gotta mention how lame af you are for following the fuckin' principle?
my friend jennie. you can come if you wants. and i know you'd never be allowed so idk why i'm asking
Except that higher ed is unquestionably something we do right. The "sharper" people who've donned cap and gown run the world.
you're in #chicago! sweet! did you find any fashion inspiration at the Art Institute?
When I open my eyes, all I see is money.
Haven't been here much. Hope everyone is doing good :)
is the best!
Hanging out with josh thomas. Coolest dude ever.
Actually that's totally what it means, come to think of it.
Outstanding! Thanks for sharing, Melody. You might consider giving proper attribution to in your tweet.
stop the traffic, LET EM THRU!!
“: Horse racing<<<<<< Could care less” LAME
New Property in Buffalo Grove to be soon on the Real Estate market! Are you looking to buy or sell.....Check out my web site....Thanks
Right back at you. Make sure you hydrate properly. Or dehydrate, as it were.
I'm trying to uplift them! Show the how to be strong but its not working smh
Nd here we go...
“: How dude gonna snitch on someone just because he didn't get invited for tacos?" (via )
ok but i dont need credit thanks :D ill think but im watching glee...
Sweet throwback unis. Even better under the lights at the Big House
is #wulgus trending yet, if not, then why
": it is!"buying lunch everyday adds up
pretty sure you can give one of those wwdc tech talks instead of apple engrs :)
thanks! looking forward to the next list!
Bruce Bruce is going in on this chicks coat.
it is freaking cool! I mean I would keep the bottle after we were done drinking it, and it comes with shot glasses!
Baltimore taxi drivers need shields in cabs and cameras in taxi office to fight peonage debt bondage.
Ooh, the nefarious Henry H. Holmes! Come feel your skin crawl Tuesday or Saturday at 12:15.
My thoughts send me on a carousel
it's all in the temperature of your oil, the type of oil you use and your herb and spices combination.
Dear Shirt I Feel In Love With, I Hate You! Sincerely, Just Saw The Price Tag.
u gotta ask her
makin it happen....
yea watever lmao u tell everything
hobson says nah-uh!
There is a Veteran's Day parade between me, my car, and my office. This should be interesting.
Nice job! Thumbs up! Check out the new Development Gateway website bit.ly/bM2e0g and let them know what you think! MT
Correction: sooner or later, UConn and BC will meet again IN THE COURTROOM
"its too hot to fart." -
Good god this burrito could feed an Ethiopian family of four.
more followers pls
I say to hell with #fightthepower I really do feel bad for you now that you have to move to ILL!! lol
HAPPYBIRTHDAY BOO! :D your really awesome for having the same birthday as Mee :D haha i hope you enjoy your birthday <3 <U+E310><U+E34B><U+E437>
I'm getting one tomorrow !! Come see me !
Thanks... it was tough, but so great to have them all in town :)
STOP MAKING SENSE!!! RT : . Sweat can't sign with the Pats, he's on the browns reserve/retired list
RT :) RT @ jamesandamber Morning drive in w/ @ DARRENHARDY Success mag audio series = Awesome start to the day.
bringing it back with some
Yes, I think that would do nicely. Where are those directions again? ;-)
I wish I was in the windy city, it sounda baller!
Heading to the orthopedic. Lets see how that goes.
Alright, you got me. I started singing it in my head during church.
Run off the road by an angry mailman from Plymouth, Mass
Listening to Kem "If It's Love"....thinking about a very beautiful woman.
what happened?
Off work early
Hey Vlade, :) Hope you're enjoying you're weekend :)
YUM! Thank you :) Have fun! RT : Eating a crazy good veggie burger and watching Da Bulls!!
sweet dreams :)
havent been on here in so long
Victim in a Mpls house fire was a teacher and actor according to roommate-died trying to get everyone out of the house.
Thanks, It's All Good.
Tonight at the Illusive Skull Costume Castle in Morgantown we will be playing an acoustic set.. GO!
Happy Monday!
A politician thinks of the next election - a statesman, of the next generation. -James Freeman Clarke
Why, why, why does my car smell like dogfood?
Oh god, my Tumblr app updated itself... *prepares for disappointment*
Nothing like the weekend in the
April was....insane.
Shake yo money maker
Selling cells in my selling cell
lol we all do. RT Aw I love Ariana so much!!!!
Happens all the time. Have fun!
I'll be glad if I'm with Phineas and Ferb everyday. Everyday Summer:)
You are gorgeous and amazing!!! We had a great time last night...see you at the next #teenhoot!!
RT : Grow it with the community ... start learning more by following #gardenchat <--- thank you!
RT : Boutique crush: Dresses and purses and skirtts OH MY!
New shirt and bow for Derby party tonight!
is @ eLCC's web 2.0 conference @ DU in a session on twitter (how meta)
My immediate response was "someone's been messing around with Firebug".
#snapplefacts Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
movie in the park
Here we go!
thanks man for the s/o! If you want to grab anything, use code SENDIT. Free shipping on all US orders.
Pandora has unlimited listening from now on. INTERESTING. Finally. Now it's time to get International!
amen brotha, represent
#Orioles now headed 2 extra innings tied at 4.
Please don't. PR can be nice, but your actual self is so much more interesting.
Thankful to be over the flu, and that it's so nice and pretty outside!
Out in 69th. Min cash.
I can't be the only person in the world that wants to club baby seals every time I hear Tracy Wolfson say 'coach', right?
Image: "Indians" folder at Patten Free Library, Bath, Maine, 2011: "like a 'White People' folder."
for sure... I can't wait until tomorrow man the haven't played since last Monday
happy born to my bruh have a great day
best book i have ever read
On the way to eat, with my mom & my daughter!
23, your still young. Cant wait for the new music..
I know u are boont. Lol
Please Follow me! :)
:pp i see what ya did there
My friends doe
I don't trust the govenment with my money. why would I trust it with my heart. That one James
man come on, that shit ain't cheap...i still gotta but my own hair .
Okay, is my hero for the day... But Erin Duffy will be my hero for tomorrow.
ok Olive and Thyme are now on my list.
Cloud computing is outsourcing #edu2011 dietribes#
i wish i had a instagram, my phone stupid af.
Working on a documentary through the weekend.
Who is the marketing genius in the WNBA who planned the draft for a Monday afternoon?
did you get the sought after advice?
made a stack lose a thousand
haha lol that's great its freezing here I'm wearing 3 pairs of panties and a turtle neck.
Anticipation + anxious = Rip my hair out!
They were great in Boston. Looking forward to both sessions this year!
Happy Chocolate Day! Enjoying dark chocolate infused w/spicy red chili in celebration of this important observance.
What's with these bear hugs between draft picks & the commish.....
you left your shoes in my car!
Watch me on "The Doctors" on may 22 tuesday at 2 pm on channel 2!!!!! So excited!
RT : "To change and improve the conditions in your life, you must change and improve your thoughts.<U+0094> R C Allen
RT : Ask & answer museum social media questions in our #musesocial conversation on Fri. the 13th at 12:30 pacific time.
That's what I thought after I did it, "it'll have a good summer"
school sucks! But u make my day every day! I <3 ya
No kidding -RT : Can't wait til SCOTUS kills Obamacare so Insurance Companies can FINALLY discriminate against sick ppl again.
Hahahaha not this time but I sure will at some point this week!
Twerkin the top bar solo again tonight ;) come play !
“: ...Right, but not even in just Detroit tho.” True but I can't speak on scenes I don't know about
was there too but a couple of years behind Quita and I.
facebook. talk there.
RT RT : Upon putting conch shell to ear at Natural History Museum: "I hear the sound of a toilet."
yeah yep lets go!
Thank you for an excellent presentation!
I don't need you, but I want you.
I'm so happy you liked it! Thanks for great visit, RT & follow!
RT Had some great vegan soul food tonight #oakland [Where!?]
Come on down to 400 w. Rich st for ! Food trucks and !
Hopefully all of you had a productive day and hopefully a great evening!
As a VT Officer for the A.S.P.C.A., I’d like to sincerely Thank You for everything you do for Animals. You’re a good man!
Chief keef mad garbage
And the best host award goes to......
Not entirely sure what the hell i'm looking at.
Come get pierced or tattooed at the Buddha since John C, Jerm and Gustavo have time to tattoo and Chris will pierce all day long!
RT I like the feedback!! Thank u to all who spit truth. Keep buying what u like n keep posting ur comments!
hahaha :) we are glad to be following you!
When a relationship ends before it's time
Should have stayed home, fml
follow me i follow back
BIll Hanzlik won't be able to join us tomorrow, as his father just passed away... Our thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family...
Thnx 4 hanging out with us #GISGeeks. It was a blast. #2012PSS Just got back 2
Took a nap with was knocked out cold lol
Ditto!!! ": Meeting done. WOOT. Managed to stay awake. Huzzah."
Whoa total lack of ball handling by Nick Young.
hahahahaha! Omg we got it rough
what are the two birds, Bell drops out of the league and the Blazers get another GM to fire?
He got confidence but its all part of a game
YOU BETTER CALL MAURY! DAT BABY DONT LOOK LIKE ME!!!!!
i would nurse him back to health.
sounds like we need to plan a lunch again with the ole' CU gang :-)
I'm judging the PrideFest parade!! I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night.. Just sayin..
I tried to excuse myself, but they woudn't stop hounding me. Sorry, but it'll be a cold day in hell before I play any Amy Grant ish
any tips on getting started/reaching out as a guest blogger?
Text 27722 to donate $10 from your cell phone to PETA! Help save animals lives!
I love that movie!
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
that's great! :D
says is ensuring same flavor globally, from farm to fork.
Just finished my golf lesson. I only used my P dogg aka pitching wedge, but I am feeling pretty #badass with it right now:)
3 sums??? Where do I sign up!
That's a wrap... Enough tax returns for one evening.
thanks! :) BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!
(screaming YES!!) I had thought that you were older than me!!so I was hype!!but I'm right your younger..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You had to bring your bearded dragon to the grocery store, on your shoulder? Really?
I'm sending your shoes with Dad
I got that Direction Infection!(:
Work is so busy :(
No clue. I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :)
assumption 3: huge shifts in content. Content for any one course could be an unbounded database. Boettcher
Yes - so many connections! And truly, 21st c education should be all about connections
Definitely! You've started filming already?
Leaving at 8am to go to the studio,..... hope you guys are ready for 2 new songs
Ramesh Srinivasan from ucla talking ab. the ways in which new media can help create new ways of working w/ collections and people.
I prefer the view in your apartment(pants) :-p
I really love this show. It makes me excited to trace my own family line:-)
How r u, lady??
The NFL has the San Diego Chargers, why not the Los Angeles Lightning? Just keep the uniforms the same with a different helmet logo
welcome!!! thanks for following me as well :D nice to meet ya!
I just can't think or function that early. I think if I slept better at night, maybe.
sorry for the late reply. Thx!
I been so zoned out since I found out my nigga #DLive was murdered on #Schoolcraft last night.
I got issues <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The why was in reference to, WHY DO I HAVE TO WRITE THEM WHY... lol
Thanks, Rob! We similarly named folks have to stick together after all :). Hope you had a great halloween.
Why isn't Alex Constacio's account verified ?
I love the rain. Too bad my car has a leak in it.
Congratulations to Emmett McKenna, who passed his M.A. exam this Tuesday, May 2.
Today in Blues: Clarence Pintop Smith recorded “Jump Steady Blues” in Chicago, once for Vocalion Records & a 2nd time for Brunswick Records.
TOM WAHL'S!! I'm in you almost every weekend!!!
ur always #GRAND and i hope it stays like tht all the time...u know wat scratch tht i know it will stay like that! :D
Today is a tea & biscuits at 10am kind of day. Dreary outside, cold inside.
Crazy crazy times
Im perfectly imperfect :)
Between the Horizon League Tourney and Wells Fargo, gonna be watching a lot of golf the next 10 days. Best is, I don't have to play.
Back to square one.
Great day of a White House tour capped w/ the House health reform vote. Curious about what will happen in Senate + conference.
yes you are but don't worry I still got a few more days ! But its beautiful out here clear skys
my boyfriend is suppose to be helping me with my project but all he is doing is telling me to do it
Thanks guys :)
Rt I hate crap like that. Because my #OCD makes me double check. We're good.
What the heck is happening at hollywood and highland?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
this jacket is so #DOPE shout out to a
Have good night, guys sweet dreams
Good morning, Alyssa! What books do you usually read? :-)
what day & time?
I CAN'T WAIT TIL DEY PICK YA BOOKS UP FAH A MOVIE *PICKS UP TICKETS N YELLS* \(-.-)/ O YEAH
the only thing you need is a mic...everything else is practically the same. unless they include a synthesizer and autotune
Huge Offer up for only today! Get Weekly Lock Packaga starting tomorrow! 30 Locks for only $50 throughout 7 days!
Right back atcha! Thanks! RT : TGIF to all "active"
I'm a bad kid and I'll survive, oh I'm a bad kid, don't know wrong from right.
#NW Jordan Brand Classic!
After the meeting-debrief circuit today maybe I shouldn't be playing Sup3r M3at Boy to unwind.
Sun City has offered to host The Miss Universe Pageant!
Almost done. who's gonna come join?
Can't sleep without laying in your arms.
Excited to follow!
put any of those guys on the patriots and it'd be the other way around.
It's all part of my rock'n'roll fantasy.
Back from my first Career Day. Warning to others: the kids, bless 'em, will as the same question fifty times.
Pull it together Dej!! Gotta go get sum soup, a vernons, and somethin for my headache....this sucks
Congrats to Col. ! Fun speech at the Luncheon today!
RT : Back in the studio putting on the finishing touches on the podcast & my guest mix for
showing Chardonnay love and support to ur feed!
I got u!! RT : somebody tell dont stop sendin music cause the events over..lol we break records outchea ...lol
No problem!
What was DD's score? I missed it! Boo!
iwish ihad a boo to cheer me up rite now :/
Buck up and be jolly, my dear lady! Stillbirth is a sign that God has a sense of humour!
With temperatures expected to reach 100 this weekend are you ready? Naughton's is here to help. All our stores are open 7 days a week.
The next guy I see wearing penny loafers with rolled up pants I'm going to punch in the nuts.
Whats the deal Ms Evans...?
More times than I care to admit I've wondered if the answer to everything is indeed Charo.
Bake sale is a success right now so far
Starting early today! If you want to make more money with weaves and hair extensions, we will train you! www.drwiggys.com
I'm in mourning..... I'm so sad that the season is over.
Could be so much worse.
We want to play in your town. If you live somewhat close. And only probably. But seriously... what's the good word?
people who i will be playing some music with in the next 32 hours- old town school sephardic music ensemble, gHOST project and mi yodea.
I didn't even know that flavor icing existed.
I would really want 2 double doubles from in n out
Dude behind me on the Chinatown bus is telling his buddy about this really awesome band he saw called Ultra Dolphins. Ha!
Hate when you get so into a sport, you get so frustrated when you get taken out that you cry. Only me? Oh, okay...
I hope all the new Hokies are following you and saw this tweet. Show them how it's done!
RT : Never saw Tulo make an error like that before :(
No problem glad to connect via Twitter RT : thanks for the RT.
For infinity and beyond!:D *jumps off bed with jacket as cape* #ToyStory :]
I'm sure in another universe John McCain is wrapping up his first term and everything is frigging puppies, rainbows and zero unemployment.
A few tickets still left for joint journalist groups' High Note holiday party at Solare Dec 15, only $20. Tix at www.sdpressclub.org.
bout to get some lunch head to park and planning
5 and a 1/2 in boys, ass is off the hook.
Great day with and team...love the culture of this company!
Fizzled protests, mixed messages, indicative of state of stalled immigration reform movement
Playing catch up after being out sick + moving while youre still super sick = super sucky sicky.
Cardinal sin right there.
I saw a dog wearing a full on DOWN VEST in Seward Park the other day. I thought it was a good look, personally.
Just finished The Ides of March... Mind blown. probably loved this flick.
I keep telling myself that it's for the best but I know it's not.
Same here. And if I have to take algebra again I'm going to be pissed.
Tip #165: The 1964 & 1/2 Shelby Cobra can go from 0 to 100MPH back to 0 in less than 10 seconds. Can you?
Hey did anybody see on the news that kim kardashian is going to run for mayor. PLZ GOD NO
GM! Love this pic and I see you a Cowboy fan,join my page on facebook twist 2 health!
A "Basketball Wives" movie?
No strong preference, but it's hard for me to imagine a more tech-d. text that wouldn't induce serious eye rolling.
We need some dribble drive penetration instead if hoisting up 3pters
Just hit 90 here, expected to hit 92. Still better than the 98 at Grassroots yesterday. Heading over later for Walter Mouton!
good morning to you and the team from follow request keep it G.
Don't watch me, watch tv.
Happy Easter all
GREAT IDEA! Except without the lemon. So just chocolate milkshakes basically!
Senioritis: crippling disease that strikes seniors. Symptoms: laziness,excessive wearing of sweatpants/sweatshirts. Cure= Graduation.
Great call by the ump on the Dog-Ass lowlife Mutts racist pitcher.
works in a fish shop as odor :DD
Watchin wrong turn 4 i am so scared:((_____________:((
What topic might motivate you to write 250 words for your colleagues on the GSA website?
What can I say - photog rules! (Actually, you got the photo the right way -my web designer reversed it 4 the page)
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes, you can find me cryin' all of the time.
it's kinda side that places do
Why can't Apple come up with an update that doesn't lead to another update. Install 5, then install 7 - on a machine that was up
#threewordsformyex I miss you
no more Austream with the guys...=(
I am High!! lol
gonna pick Kirk Cousins?
even if you can't mention certain customers, you can, and should, talk about what you know!
Disappointed with how the bulls as a team are playing
One in six Americans are living in poverty
less than a week away :-)
asked the owner of a bowling alley if shes seen a lot of 400 games. was later informed a perfect score is 300. that's how often i go bowling
! Look At Me and lOoK at u.! Now tElL me nigga ... WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
yes, enjoy the trip my man, looking forward to some updates!
I cant believe i'll be 20 in a couple hours...fml
Reviewing Resumes - buzzword hell.
no 2 3 days ago got up at 6
Happy Mother's Day, world!
Don't mean to let you down, but it ain't summer yet! I know it felt like it last week though. :)
Oh my darling you're more than welcome. I'm very thoughtful when I'm sober. I had almost two thoughts last week!
Follow my gorgeous cousin :)
thats my favorite game!!!!!
My shoelace came untied. is to blame! What a jerk...
Enjoy the heat and sunshine while it lasts.
!!!!!!!!!!! RT Im a very happy person, unless you're on my shit list && that sucks for you.
We're at the /Toronto Raptors game tonight... in separate sections. There's like 450 people here. Way to
You don’t need to know the details or how you are going to manifest what you want. Let your heart and the universe do the work.
Oh my Grande! Upload a video and sing it to us!!<U+2661>
what do u like about it????
If little kids R waiting in freezing temps 4bus that came&left 2quickly people in charge need 2B more responsive not misleading
Thank u Dr. Oz 4 ur information about apple juice. I want 2 B informed about all products sold N this country. Keep up the good work.
Back in Nashville! Off to Johnson City for the weekend in a couple of days. check out the new website Eric put together!!! TomSmithGuitari
thanks, friend :)
really doe
Happy early Birthday!
I would like you to be notified about The Adamouski art competition. more info www.theadamouski.blogspot.com follow us here there
Live for today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow may never come!
Ready for summer break.
I'm thinking I'm a really lucky guy!
I'm sending good thoughts to you and your mom.
I know you see this munchken on my lap! Lol
Dinner with an old friend!
I just spent 2 hours eating the most amazing food. Including feet. I'm seriously considering skipping my flight tomorrow.
Great catching up (while too brief). Looking forward to hearing more about your nomadic ways in August. Stay in touch until.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Any of my PR friends going to PRSA Digital Impact Conference 4/2-4/3 in NY? DM me if yes, would love to reconnect live
This wasn't an announcement. He specifically said he didn't have a site in Downtown
Reminds me of train trips as a child of 8 in India of 50 years ago. Journeys would last 3 days and nights, and the compartment ..
Will you guys please come home already? We miss you! Oh, wait....
#CNN Confirms: The bomb scare at the Hall of Justice courthouse in Riverside, CA ended without incident. No suspicious devices were found.
Little known fact: Mitt saved the American automobile industry by purchasing Cadillacs for his 24 grandmothers.
There's just something about a neighborhood coffee shop.
If Mr. Met isn't available, there's always Jack-in-the-Box right?
have an IT Director candidate in Sarasota; highly recommended by his current CFO (company is folding)
You did not #followback. hence the drop :) I'll #follow you again -- hope to see you on my list! :)
Working on the final edit for my first book, will be available on Kindle by Jan 15th. Updates will continue to follow...
Thanks Dee!!!!
Whats good twitter peeps! Happy Holidays to you and yours! "Sprinkle of Greatness" mixtape coming!
Do y'all have volunteers working at the manchaca location? Do you need food?
Speaking at #MacWorld next week re: museum and art apps for the iPad. What's YOUR favorite? Make a nomination!
I can't have this conversation on Twitter.
Perfect way to start the morning RT": The Shakespeare Twittuh is on Hamlet. Love it."
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change – Thich Nhat Hanh (via )
was bitter cold last night & some rain, sunny now though :)
goodnight all!
baked cheetos make me weak
Boxing Day observed: We re-box our presents to Upgrade on exchange.
hold me rock me, calm and easy :)
learning management system = OS of the course, need to be able to integrate services with it
Patti just bought a pair of - red canvas! With every pair you purchase, TOMS will give a new pair of shoes to a child in need.
Aw! To be fair, you do work at what I consider to be a highschool for adults.
Moral of the story dont try to change people they can only change themselves
Franchise Tax Board: finished a telephone interview with KFROG in Colton. We're ready to do filing season interviews w/you, too.
true and we frequently need a reminders. smart phone usage is the most common bad habit, almost everywhere
: Americans want licensed online #poker, so let’s create jobs & revenue by adding this to the transportation bill. Thanks!
#GoAvsGo “: #AVS GOAL: RYAN O'REILLY WINS IT WITH 1.2 SECONDS REMAINING IN OVERTIME!”
I get to go to Lilly on Tuesday! So excited for this job :)
Help! any good ideas on simplifying e-mail?
i wanna be OLLG, why is it so dificult?
It's the same way running our library page on Facebook. Every…little…thing: unnecessary obstacles!
HAPPY BDAY!!!!! Best wishes!!!! Hope u have an awesome day!!!!
Technology is like fish. The longer it stays on the shelf, the less desirable it becomes. ~ Andrew Heller, IBM
haha well you've got a week or two to figure it out :)
I'd rather go live with my dad's side and move to Spain. I miss my cousins there.
Edie said she saw Braden outside yesterday and he told her they were going to Woody's house...lol
Time for some animation magic, ready go!!!
I really appreciate your insights and perspectives. Looking forward to reading your book! Need advanced copy readers?
smart man! Must be a guy thing :)
Happy #FF to some fabulous partners:
¤ We have fear confused power with greatness. Stewart L. Udall
I really have the best man ever. Writing my paper while #Will makes me a healthy dinner.
Having trouble getting into the rhythm of twitter. Fearing that this makes me old.
Challenger or Mustang...which will make me happier?
#GreatBikeGiveaway voting in progress through May 18 at 4 pm. Vote & support your friends!
Thanks for the recent shout-outs, ,
all awesome suggestions! We've been in touch with each of those, so hopefully some will work out.
SOMEONE TALK IT'S TOO QUIET IN HURR
Back to the craziness
looking forward to the end of Band camp so the rock and roll can commence and the jams begin
Oh no!! ALSO - did you remember to get your camera????
yep yep just dont know where yet
RT : Dear Mother Nature: do not mess with this weekend. Please and thank you.
should i keep on begging him :/
Thanks for mentioning the The Trip on the podcast. It great, I wish there were more episodes!
Do you need air purification we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
How many of those 20 mil Google+ 'users' are going to be gmail users that try it out once and then become largely inactive?
RT : Client Profiles to be 'Business of the Game' tonight at Turner Field! Go Braves!
Not just A thing, but THE thing. Yeah, I'm old, too. RT : Remember when ICQ was a thing? I feel so old.
can't wait until March 3rd. Hopefully she doesn't snap your arm off
Dallas is my New York
“: I imagine their reaction being I this vein: "I'm sorry Tejah, we said orgasm...thats just laughing."” hahaha!!
damn that's insane!
HEY MARK! :) Thank you for the follow! :)
It's a him, not a her. So Noahette.
is a winner.....GOOD JOB BLUE
there is no way you are 44 you look much younger !!!!!
Looking to get into music business? Are u Smart, personable & reliable? Avail a fair amount of Thurs-Sun? email asap!
A new video from our Heroic Journey program was just posted...it's very powerful
How do we learn the results?!?!
liked it? I loved it, such a fun song, can't wait to get our webbed feet on it and play it on Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY
you're so silly. Lol
Hi there. Miss you. Blessings.
Everybody's starry eyed <U+2665>
looking forward to today's #PrivChat, particularly on #PatriotAct issues and #libraries!
wow great looking bike! congrats!!
TSOI-NY is at Amoeba Records LA! Have i found heaven on earth?
Boy, it's quiet in here today. Everyone is off except Vince. Well, and , but we're pretty sure she's imaginary.
my virginity
Dumont ties it back up for the Bulldogs. 3-3 now.
Im seriously having the best weekend of my life
Good Morning Sunshine!
Merry christmas
I might also be interested in learning to swim but I might want to start with a bike. My junky cruiser probably won't work.
oh okay (: lmfaooooooooooo Well Them N's are leading These days ! Mines is Nah'ryan
I have been waiting for years for the women to take over the men but they always chicken out!!
OUCH!!! Wake up boyz. You can do it.
Just don't sneeze on the dummy! (unless you really need some extra texture)
#Broncos reportedly will pay half of the $5 million that was the "snag"
HEY its sabrina(: lol i made this new account b/c my friends got mad at me because i would spam their timeline with austin(:
When my hair looks bad then nothing looks good
We might try looking into a chihuahua...
I wish I knew what it feels like to #tellhimyoulovehim but I'm to Afraid -.- to experience it
Sweating it out watching the #nyrangers. Game 7. Bring it.
Vote for Alexa Goddard! RT Please!
I like it. This could happen.
This is sad. :(
ayo girl can i get a follow? :)
I seriously thought Justin was up next so I began to tweet my freak out tweet that he was on but no.. He's not IS HE EVER GONNA PERFORM OR??
Trying not 2 give in 2 the #caffeine addiction this afternoon. Must fight through the headache!
Thanks for the mention!
Topmost Top :
I know. Oh I noticed with some of your works but with manga in it :)
I have no problem with it, same with going to bars and movies alone. All good & sometimes preferred
so feel you on that.
Agreed, expanded marketing push as well RT : A4 guessing we will see much wider range of products from both Nike and NewEra
shouts to my, Fans supporters, Hip Hop heads, Israelite Ahk / Ahkote that support my music...I Definitely got keep feeding you that Real!!!
#ThatOnePersonWho who`s breath is ALWAYS not fresh
i'm right next door to you! i love eataly!!!
- what can the Grizzlies do to move up the West standings while we wait for Z-Bo to return?
You are hip to the groove.
The last two days I've tried NOT crossing my legs (b/c I'm told it's "weird" that I always do) This is fucking hard.
We'll keep you posted on a premiere because LA is less humid than Chicago in the summer. :)
Happy Friday! We are open 'till midnight tonight, so come on down and enjoy yourself, you deserve it!
I understand you don't respect the way I live my life, but don't disrespect it.
That's how it should be. Cutch with single, then Pedro drives him in with gap shot.
The sad thing is that was my avg when I was actually in a bowling league. Thank goodness we were more focused on drinking.
RHCP, Guns n' roses, the faces, among others
pull the trigger now hes dead
Your decals are a steal at $5! Are you sure are doing the math right? Either way, don't worry about it. =)
Done with 2 now 4 to go.
lol well when you put it like that.....
I got my starbucks venti blackeye, (regular drip coffee with a double shot of espresso) and I am on duty. Look out crooks, I'm on patrol.
I have a CafePress shop, and we are working on Zazzle shop... I also have free ringtones!
At the mall with one of my favs
#FF for their timely content and on-target articles for women in businss.
"How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the man that's wise"
her name is Katie
I know the #Phillies lost the game last night but to see the struggling offense explode was more than worth it. And Joe B today, amazeballs.
if you will meet me at the airport I would be more than happy to learn! :P July 1st sound good?
Look. at that. horse.
hello wanted to say hi and wihs you a wonderufl week. take care
I met a girl at 17 thought she meant the world to me she turned out to be a cheat
Can I get some shoutouts?
You should look at the chatroom Damon XD Everyones freaking out waiting for you to go on! We have a countdown going Haha!
I'm happy your car was finally found (saw it on the news)!!!!!! We were so worried and puzzled how it was stolen :-)
People with no style.. #DaFuckYouThinkin'
which two?
Getting ready for some #Brewers baseball!!!
RT : I'm looking forward to trying 2nite aka "the no hangover vodka from Spain" Let's see how I wake up 2morrow morn.
cleaning and (most) laundry done. running errands, make dinner, then watching #MadisonCounty from ! Looks awesome!
RT : : It's a fake. (Me:"Blinded by the Eco. Wrapped up like a douche, another rumor in the night")
Coffee me ASAP.
Rain = Free car wash day
#Sagittarius MB guy of the day: Prodigy
More vets are surviving injuries but what does this mean for quality of life as they age?
Do I want to follow Blue Ivy on Twitter? She's an infant, I don't think she is capable of tweeting...
Go to Dumbledore and get some more!
Never ever going on a teater toter with Isaac, Tyrell, or Caleb. They stand on the other end and jump off
well on any night Danny was feeling it he would have him on the bench but he isn't and he is frustrating James well enough.
Eric - I think your account has been hacked
How has the poker room at the boat been lately? Been thinking about going back.
“: Don't want to live just to pay my bills or get paid to sit still #gameface ” amen brother
that is good! My son similar great in math, loves science. Struggles in writing. Uses technology too :) wish I had in school!
The awkward moment Zayn has longer eyelashes than a girl with mascara on.
is recovering from a long day at city council and trying to catch up on a TON of messages and work.
RT : These are the two teams I hate the most in the game
But I lacked courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was boring and she was hopelessly fascinating.
For the first time since I moved to Chicago, I saw another Linux user in the wild. It's a small thing, but it always makes me happy.
this pic has been up for almost two weeks. Your behind brah
Well, that's the end of my week. Thanks for reading what I do all day!
Don't let football season start without educating Coaches on how to teach players to keep the CROWN of their helmet out of the tackle.
So many mentions omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I am so glad #TheVoice is back!
RT : with sincerest thanks and humble appreciations, it is our heartbreaking duty to announce that Riverwest24 2012 has sold out
Thanks for the explanation. BTW, geeks are cool.
What's scarier? Lindsay or Whitney? Watch our hilarious Halloween Outspoken video, then take the poll!...
Itz about time that Tim Tebow gets the ball...He going to kill em
Twelve Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens only $12...add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!
Move the hardwood and put down the Ice !!! Lakers win and now time for hockey playoffs!!!
Yay now I owe $850.00 Dad gave the guy stuff to make my bill cheaper...Killing too birds with one stone less money and less junk. :)
why are americans allowing gas prices to increase like this? power in numbers people! stop buying if you want lower prices!
i'm just glad it had nothing to do with glass shards from a Scotch bottle. Seriously, it was nasty...made me flinch...
Fuck me hard, go Thomas...
RT : #CharityTuesday shout out to some of our #cancer partners dedicated to helping kids!
Nice to see Tiger Woods get back to winning
J.J. Hickson come on aboard please!!! Danny should be calling him right now!!! before MIA gets in the way.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. --William Arthur Ward
Bradshaw: complex markup and linking create complex data structures. E.g., scribal profile+images+image polygons+commentary
#teamBlake I'M DYING.
Win a copy of Alison Hart’s WHIRLWIND Visit www.bookingmama.blogspot.com click on the cover on the left hand side before August 31st.
This may be silly, but why not use fan donations to fund a portion of this stadium? I'd chip in $1,000 over the next 30 years.
Haha Jamie gonna try to tell Mrs lanyon I'm on drugs... bitch gimme a cup I'll take a piss test right now!
THANK YOU so much for helping spread the word!
You are more than welcome. Passes will be available after 6PM today. Hope that helps!
HOLOGRAM .MY BAD SHITT!!
Having flowers delivered early gives Mom a head start sharing pictures on Facebook and making you look like a super hero.
Ew don't say that.
Another old Ricky Gervais interview where my head is discussed - Night of Too Many Stars, before his first stand up in the US bit.ly/xifqvv
lmbo u r spoiled lol and afternoon Boss Lady :)
Any TVD BTR or Secret Life fans follow and i will follow back
Be Prepped! January 22-28 is National Meat Week.
But I guess that would be weird for a 14 year old...
Original Power Rangers >>>>> Power Rangers in Space, Ninja Power Rangers and any other type of Ranger/Power Ranger
2 words. Chicken. Express.
Interesting. Penguin eBooks through OverDrive can only be downloaded now if you have an actual Kindle, not just the Kindle for PC app.
Good evening Mr. Davison, we miss you here man...
Thanks for spreading the word!!!
I just did punk!
Stretched in my chair and cracked heads with the guy behind me. Sorry Fran xDD
#Thewantedfollowme :D please follow!!!
Balls so hard... muthafuckas think I have testicular cancer.
Rockin Power Yoga (levels 2-3) with Paula Walker today, she's going to make you sweat! 12-1:30pm today on Miami Beach
This day is going by way too slow...
true dat RT : I do love this business. I'm not even sure I know what this business is. But I love it.
I move to my new house tomorrow, get your ass over here and get the heavy stuff so I don't have to. Bring the ginger with you.
Shooting with the fabulous Gazella today!!
Thank you!
Wtf? WHZ breaks away. There's no excuse for that. No way would this happen for the
Lloyd: FCC needs to hear from libraries during comment period. Comments due by July 9, 2010. www.broadband.gov
Wow! She'd never seen anyone add oil? Oh, and newer cars are so much harder to maintain! Changing headlight bulb = nightmare.
that is a hilarious statistic. Did they say if it happened after a dinner of Ikea Swedish meatballs?
TV is disgusting....luckily , we have a sat dish.
I feel better... Security just informed me that if he steps foot in the lobby they are gonna fuck him up no questions asked! Haha
Everyone need some knowledge! Tell me what you know about Facebook Parent-Child pages for businesses. Researching want to know what u know.
High school is fun, but totally stressful! Tomorrows the second day and I'm stressed. #DontLetThisBeReal ah
good thing I don't have a garage! I just remembered him explaining his job to the Bobs and it is so what I'm doing this week!!
WASSUP EDITOR IN CHIEF. i see we both follow ... wooden teeth field trip?? please?
I love when they make classic family games into movies. Like Battleship. And that Charades movie with Eddie Murphy.
"post my tweets on facebook?" hah. good joke(;
RT Am I the only one who thinks Don Draper actually wrote the commercials that John Hamm voices over?
Car don't you fucking dare die on me now. I need you for my damn job. Ill make you scale metal if you mess this up.
Steve jobs you did a grate thing by making iPhones! I love mine so much
"fuck iconic boys" as long as you dont mess with the ICONic Boyz.!>:(
In search of my mother<U+FFFD>s garden, I found my own. ~ Alice Walker
let me check this for you. Can you tell me how many people and are you wanting to come out for the Ludacris event.
MT“: Pres. Obama's public schedule tomorrow: four events, all fundraisers" How much is it costing me as a tax payer?
Yeah. Okay. Well.
Get me into the French toast business.
I hate waking up and realizing that I fell asleep on you. :(
Fun and different
tell your man to hmu
So who wants to buy me a team jersey?!
That was based on a thing some guy did in Baltimore, except they shortened the fall to make it more believable.
Thanks for the RT!
- Happy Anniversary...best sounds of the day !!!
rt the answer? Never had to do that transition myself.
We shouldn't be watching these videos. We're better than that.
hello, how are you?
Little kids want my cake.
Wow, nice tweet :))
How 'bout the SF Commune loc just stay secret? I'd rather be limited to #imagining folk getting food & shelter than film them get arrested.
Aww! I love this tweet! Made my day, little one
sounds delicious!
word! I hope to see you there then. <U+270C>
We'll be processing applications for the next few days for #THATCamp Bay Area...
Who else is thrilled that Bob Seger is finally coming to iTunes? The world has been "Hollywood Nights"-free for entirely too long.
definitely a bit disorganized. Ill miss it though. My homebrew club, TRUB, has poured there last few years.
REMINDER! COME VOTE FOR 215 ! This saturday night at The BBC we are competing for a summerfest slot.we need all your votes to win.9:30 -1am
This big motherfucker been snorin all period im finna knock him
“Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.” ~Frank Sinatra
Congrats to on being our 1000th follower. He'll get a cd, 7" vinyl, sunglasses, and some free downloads. 1500 here we come!
What comedy used to be to thursdays, sex is to sundays.
RT I will always want to shop no matter what time it is.
Haha, yeah. I also woke up at 10, so I think I would of been a tad late if a went.
Almost that time for me to go home and that my ass to sleep
what card game are you playing?
Nina Simone's signature tune, "My Baby Just Cares for Me." Did you know it was written for the 1930 musical... fb.me/1fGDe8IqE
Celebrity sighting of the day...Al Roker!
dreamed an ex of mine wrote a thinly veiled novel about me.
Learning about Next Level Leadership with
Nice! I hope you will enjoy pro guitar mode!
crazy day today!
#21 thank god it won, best album indeed.
Starving, but there is nothing to eat
Eating popcorn getting ready to watch the first season of The Boondocks
Goin to work
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.
*crosses fingers*
I was recently in ur area speaking at Unity of Wimberley. It's nice to meet u on Twitter. Welcome!
An archaeological trove - The Virginia Gazette
I've said it once I'll say it again: I love being a turtle! And I love my inlaws. Yes I said it. I love my inlaws
Well, one day, me and my mom were having an argument about me not completing my homework on time (regular teenager stuff) and I came up w...
I would cook for my girlfriend.
It's Ada Lovelace day. Celebrate women in sci and tech by following this fab list of female tweeters, thx to bit.ly/qpA0c3
You had me at hello, and lost me at goodbye. And everything in between, I guess it was a lie.
ty so much! its been a long journey full of ups n down! never gave up even when i thought i wanted to. going to bed now! night
Its the apocalypse, last night, everyone slept for 2 years, it is now 2012. :(
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :D
Awesome meeting with today - watch out
DO! Is the side im on. Lol
If you're not already, give a follow right now as he tweets exclusive images from the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
I'm breaking out from all this stress of AP testing. I hate this.
Fresh Cut <U+2702>
I would hate to have Jesses mom ,
good god! so violent!
to be closer to the pols who won't let us enjoy a smoking ban?
#Follow You won't be disappointed. I've spent way too much time on his account this morning. O.o
Agreed! It's like when the Hemingway heirs licensed the signature rifles. Stop living off the family genius.
A successful #law practice begins with a database: all the potential clients and their decision makers. Overlay with news, socialmedia, etc
. ninzi's is on University in Hillcrest.
Shepard Smith of FOX News says of the Obama announcement: “The president of the United States: now in the 21st century."
everyone loves you except for bush whacker :)
Thank you Irma, same to you!
congrats on the new job!
That's what I read awhile ago! I think I'm going to do it!
Did you know that a burglary occurs every 14.6 seconds?!
hey danny think any chance of cb going on idol she s in La?
At work early as hell
Second these.
Anyone out there (or know someone who is) looking to buy or sell a home in Arlington, Northern VA, or DC? I'm your man.
if you have more questions, DM us your email address.
Attrition in Reed Smith's CA offices. Recruiter Sabina Lippman: some 2-yr offers RS made to partners have expired. More in Friday's DJ.
It Took Me All Day To Find Some Inspiration !!
RT : Credentials like APR show you have dedication, passion, skills for your chosen profession beyond education, experience
Jersey Shore is the most watched series telecast on MTV EVER!. 8.5 million went back to Seaside Heights last night to party with the Guidos.
lol A Duh, Again!
Mom, I love you!
OH MY GOD!!!! JUSTIN POSTED A VIDEO ON VIDDY AND HE WAS DOING A PHOTOSHOOT SHIRTLESS AND YOU CAN SEE HIS MUSCLES!! I'M DYING HE IS SO SEXY
Watch the thrown
thank you! I shall sleep well, unless my butt or tail starts itching again...goodnight & sweet dreams to you too! <3
And I didnt see a single sign that said "Penis Landing." I'm disappointed in you, Philly.
Back from school got a lot of homework
This is fucking embarrassing!
Follow me, I'll DM you.
Refund for this season not yet announced MT : have Pay-The-Pick plan. If team gets No. 1 pick, season tix will be $43
Ha! Your Jedi mind tricks don't work on me... But, yes... Yes I am following them...
Happy New Year and many continual Blessings in the Years to Come, from Stage Aurora!
I miss you, dude
Hope you can come 2 our launch party 5/31! Love 2 celebrate with you:)
yeah "toyally" - ass.
ahh I love this movie!:D
Who has advice on zipcar as an alternative to car ownership?
asking about question of scale in the digital scholarship we undertake
#thanks for the compliment
I've watched that show like twice and didn't laugh at all that show is so boring
Let's kill it tonight #GO!REDWINGS
Mr ML is at Dark Lord Day, a crowded outdoor beer fest, in 40 degree windy weather. I am at home with kittehs and JLP.
Keep seeing LaDanian Tomlinson () on NFL Network today; hope that doesn't mean retirement coming soon.
Aug 12. Tweet You called it 12-4 on way to Dallas. Go Ravens. Thank you Madam Mayor.
A recession is when your neighbor loses her/his job. A depression is when you lose your job. A recovery is when Obama loses his job!
Thanks for RT! He is a good kid!
nigga u can't hook up a router. But you smart huh you need help more the the Baltimore orioles
Note from the Universe for today: "Never compromise a dream. Always compromise on how it will come true."
oh, right....cuz you already had the lotion... nice! gotta remember that one
As you'd expect (perhaps) They are issued in the language of the country. Spain, Spanish; Germany, German; Etc
your my inspiration for chasing my dreams. i hope to meet you one day so i can let you know that you have changed my life. :)
I'm still here
It's sad to see how much 2ndary students @ Bellevue School Dist need F/T Teacher-Librarians, but they've all been involuntarily transferred.
aww missed you too girl!
How is it that my lists have lists? That I was an assistant with an assistant. And that most of my stories... have stories.
No worries! My pleasure!
o yeah that's a good possibility....u in town?
LOVIN MY LIFE NO MATTER WHO HATES ME N WHO DONT!!!!!
May the force be with you.
When people spam Austin. -.-
Could you text back any slower ..
As a member of the 1994 #Chargers that just got dominated by the Niners in the Super Bowl. Ron Ron : "I thought we did OK."
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving”
And weeps once more
Aw Beauty and the Beast is on
Strange guy Colin Powell is. Drove himself out of the event in an old beat up red Ford car!
I just did. All I'm going to say is that I like Ben... as a quarterback.
sent you an email. I'm your Huckleberry.
Great job!
That's what we like to hear
Tonight at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale: It's a Toga Party!! And Join Sat for MILF Party w/ Pole Dance Contest!!
Ah, the 70s...when even hack reporters had real dedication to their jobs.
In the prime of his career, 2000-2007, Warren Sapp earned $43,612,490. Yet today it is being reported that he filed for bankruptcy!!
thanks man I owe you 1
Cant sleep -___-
Going to c my man Kevin Howard rock 1st Friday...
Stray Cat Strut
En route to Austin for Keller Williams Franchise Systems Orientation... Who is there to connect?
I'd like to wish all the LA comedy promoters good luck in getting an audience tonight.
OMG that sounds dangerous haha... I'm slightly tempted by that description, not gonna lie!
He would have an aneurysm at a Duke practice RT New Post -- Don't even think about flopping in front of Jeff Van Gundy
I can't believe anyone fell for that "supermoon" nonsense. It didn't even have a cape! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Daily verse ~ “Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.” Psalm 119:165
And now Bryce Harper has the same amount of homers as Albert Pujols. Sorry I've never made a Pujols joke on Twitter until now, folks.
hehe & I really like your flower arrangements!
great to see you there!
Today: The day after yesterday. Soon to be tomorrow. - Me: The little flailing object trying to keep up with it.
Final round of edits on my #SLP are done! Now off to get it printed and bound!
omg rasmus is my 2nd fav next to HIM of course... I'm so jealous lol Nightwish is playing near me in Sept, i want to go so bad
thanks babe you brightened up my day too
I'm sorry I can't fucks with vans they look like prison shoes to me ...lol
Idc he's still washed up lol
but what about the Rugby World Cup... C'mon! :)
yea till tuesday night cuz im playing for graduation
oh god
This insecure hunt for #perfectionism might not be the brightest idea, considering I must rise & shine for #dayjob in 4 1/2hrs
The 9/11 remembrance on tv this morning made me cry. The sight of people jumping and the panic the must have felt still haunts me
#timewarnercablekc please figure out why my history channel isnt working. I want to watch the Swamp People.
u dah rite person I need I luv yah book stay n L.A I'm close friends wiff MB I have a group i rap n I love roc to death
I seriously do not want to go back to indiana!!
no problem :)
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
Hahahaha. Yes I am at home relaxing finally. Tell Jon I'm making Tilapia with vegetables!
There's some really good albums out.
Everyone said I looked 'well rested' today. Yes, obviously the 3 hours of sleep is the way to go from now on.
I got about 300 something followers
His laugh>
Thanks for the support! Join a pickup game if you are ever in NY
“A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.” - Christian Dior
There's geese all over the place!
If I hear 1 more official talk about saving $ by cutting printing costs, I'm going to lose it. It's no longer innovative.
You are welcome!
haha yeah i wonder what the people would say we should go get our nails done and ask the people(:
oh lol. in my dreams too.
Im using the shampoo bottle as my cowbell on the third chorus!
Gah I love my husband.
I guess that depends on who "sunshine" is! Haha!
I'll be holding down the fort on the broiler all week. Please play nice, for I'm looking into a 70 hour work week.
Ur Beautiful And Crazy To. Baby Thats Why I Fell Into you. Even Tho You Were To Pretend To Be. You Were Never With Me. So Its Over Yeah Were
": ican tell im never gonna get a text bck,"
Gonna try to break a world record this winter
just recruited Torianno!
I wouldn't call taking a chance on someone in the 3rd round "missing"
Just discovered TweetDeck. Ah this is much easier to manage now.
that said, if that throw is on the right side of the base and Cutch was toast.
For all your Web Design/Graphic Design needs I suggest you speak to
Just signed up for August's #Baltimore #Foodmakers event. The theme is peppers.
New CandySwipe Update: 1.2.11 reduces freezing when in friends mode with bad connection and added option to move to SD card!
We missed you!
adsf Tweetie for Mac has issues showing multiple accounts
That's "Cluse," there, auto-complete
Added Blackstreet to that last tweet.
trying so hard for Louis to tweet me happy birthday!
“: Meaningful connections means to have purposeful activities, be relevant and continuous #SMSS12”
That's a real flavor, by the way.
are you presenting?
That's true and folks with money on the line are also more likely to reach their goal!
didn't I see the Prez Airlock that guy once :)
One Week One Tool?
Nope lol u always got snacks for a brother lol
Note to all literature students: reading the homework might be a good idea. It's kind of the point of the whole class, y'know.
lol! It wasn't even my fault. I was standing on the crease and and a guy fell behind me and tripped me. :O
I believe it was for an old print issue that's digitally archived. Little we can do as we report arrest not conviction or lack of
junior ponzi scheme
that is a known issue, we're fixing it ASAP!
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Dire predictions of the imminent demise of publishing go back at least to the 20s. Each new technology prompts despair.
Beyond amazing tonight !!! You were so gorgeous &danced beautifully with Tristan!! Love your look and so happy to c u back!
#SPRING is getting closer!! Who is ready to get out the #Powersport vehicle??
Who gonna smoke one wit me?
Good morning everyone
Please be careful! It is awful out there!
outgoing and competitive and like reallyy friendlly
Snow will make a slow commute. Stay tuned to the FOX9 Morning News before you head out. And drive carefully, please ;-)
Thanks for the mention!!!
Tasos thinks there are three quarters in hockey. Three quarters is not enough of anything.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
I'd have to prescribe my music if you need a laugh...
Keep the Beat LA chant going because you're still getting shutout 3-0 right now. Heyoooo!
forgot how fun terror tuesday is. even when the bad film is bad bad and not good bad.
un diner presque parfait
Anyone want to tell me how to cure my mom's pain?
At wedding last night. Bride's sister gave kind, heartfelt toast. Groom's brother discussed his boyhood hygiene & booger obsession. Why???
Excited about my iPad but I'm afraid it won't be delivered before the Expressive sale is over :(
is checking out the new (and improved) Basecamp
lol I turned in on while I'm in the shower so I can sing.
Zimmerman will finally have criminal charges against him. About time. #TrayvonMartin was just a kid starting to live.
Lord and Taylor lady gets on my nervous.... No the driver will not take you to Lord and Taylor now shut your mouth.
I'm doing homework! :p
man fuck u
Working on a Sunday, no days off!!!!!!!!
I decided I was going to stop being forgetful, but I can't remember why.
It's Artist Raffle Time! Our charity of choice for OPENING DAY, SATURDAY, MAY 12th is: THE LEUKEMIA & LYMPHOMA SOCIETY'S TEAM IN TRAINING
#onlyinwa is it against the law to hold your cell phones to your ear while you drive, but you can find police officers doing it
hehehe gave me quite a laugh! ;) life on murs making me so excited to see you in april next year! olly <3
I hate being stuck in an office on such a beautiful day like today
Compatible printer cartridges, inkjet, ink cartridges, printer inks for Canon, Brother, HP &amp;amp; Epson
Facebook, Twitter Launch Mideast Revolution, for more info visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
#IGNITIONWest peeps: check out our Juice Bar today, complete with charging station to "juice" up your phones :)
my harddrive is an example of terrible curation :)
- your website/blog is such an amazing resource. It's one of the best ways I know of to stay current in the field. Thanks Tony!
Somehow the app market got taken off my phone. How can I get the market app back if I can't access the market lol
Why shoot on the empty net? KILL THE CLOCK AND CELEBRATE!
cool, I'll send both of you an email with internal link -- downloading everything now :)
Anyone wondering if these fights between the #Rangers and #Devils are pre-arranged?
Any idea how long these communications could last?
Exactly 1 week and we'll be at Gm 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals. Who's ready? C'mon #WranglerNation time to stand up
I saw them yesterday! So much fun!
Very well
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs
Whoa, never drive another mile!
very clever sir
Nothing says classy like a stacked bar chart : )
Just watch wwe and the game wat have you been up to
u know i will!
Of all things, dealing with victims of abuse is one of the hardest parts of the job.
follow back?
did i say that?
was good mister good dick
No longer top of East. Still have game in hand on Red Bulls. Must crush Rapids. Time to start the charge PV.
*blushes* Pleasure to finally meet Claudia! ;)
half of my fart! :DD
I never realized how often I visited Wikipedia until they turned it off.
my Gma said something at check out but not exactly what the problem was. Cause her name was on both hotel rooms.
bored on the mall
Fresh profile image. Glad to connect. Looking forward to your tweets.
#FF Current and Former Oxy Golfers:
How do I make RSS feeds of your guys channels and shows?
We had a great planning meeting today for the Global Women's Summit here in Indianapolis. Theme of the summit is "Let Your Voice Be Heard!"
that my friend is a warning sign
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you have pretty eyes
My wife says I never listen.....or something like that, I think
You confuse me sometimes
is doing a great job reporting on the Iowa caucuses (caucii?)
OK.....guess we will just have to go to grand rapids......see u there!!!!!
I think this piña colada doesn't have any rum. I think I'm going to burn a building down.
if the #Packers move into the third round I might shit a brick!
No feeling guilty! Today is a brand new day - no mistakes and no guilt - just writing! :)
Good things are on it's way... I can feel it.... YAY!
Thank you sweetie.
Goodnight everyody and
IS THE BEST BAND IN THE FREAKING UNIVERSE!!!!
It’s Museum Month ! Spend the days visiting San Diego museums for a half-entry price then enjoy a relaxing dinner with us.
“: Cock RT : what did u have for breakfast?”<----hahaha
I feel so alone. I love you so much never forget that.
Also, I don't get why I asked for plural. I only need it for me....
Hoping he's able to celebrate it at Opening Day in St. Louis.
Pierre Corneille~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
I think there's a point at which money, influence & power become so blinding that people believe they control the world. Iris Sawyer
Haha thank you. I wasn't really looking for compliments, but I appreciate it.
Go see eric's side project, CCTV (cobra cheetah tiger viper) at Mercy Lounge tonight at 10 PM
Absolutely. Back at you. Great to meet you and let's keep in touch. You know where to find me!
Maybe will follow us one day<3
The college I went to is getting a new AD. Looks pretty much like a younger version of the current one. Kinda scary.
that's what doggy style is for! Lol
I think i need an upgrade on phone soon
I am cool,
#AGirlthat knows your mistakes, but looks past them anyway... :D
what about the one in Miami?
“We should be able to text 911. You know just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.”
I'm wearing shorts and a shirt. Outside! In San Francisco! Pinch me.
Hi From James Gang SKC! We are a Missouri Western Sporting Kansas City Support Group. We would love to have you in the group!
Snow, where? In sunny SoCal.
I'd buy that explanation if he didn't say "tonight." Presumably his hecklers were not partisans of some other GOP candidate.
Just saw the best license plate cover..."When you live in denial anything is possible"
A friend of mine actually read it when it was a Twilight fanfic.
Family is discussing my grandfathers colonoscopy. Great way to start easter weekend and the introduction of
awesome destination and excited to checkout tripbirds too! #acqhack - pass it on :-).
c'est quoi "red-butt display"?
Happy birthday
That awkward moment when you ask someone a question and there response was fart. Talkin to my date. She sucks.
my mind is on my money and my money on my mind...movin like a ghost cause im always on my grind
is it the weekend yet?!
I'm a reflection of the community. - Tupac Shakur
RIP Maurice Sendak... "Where the Wild Things Are" scared the crap out of me. Dark, Creepy and Wonderful
memorial day weekend if my check is looking right!
Brewers to host half-marathon on Sept. 22. Race in Miller Park area will benefit MACC Fund.
Let's start the week by being productive .. Thank God , he's never failed me yet..
cool backround i lov her song google me baby
Don't feel bad. You're there and you're helping.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Awesome report! Thank you for sharing
Phrase of the day and hope this will make your day! "When you are thinking BIG, Big Thing Happen" Have a great day Friends!:)
"May the roof above us never fall in, and may we good companions beneath it never fall out." - Irish blessing.
Fannie Sees Improvement in Default Rates for Loan Mods
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
Cooking Chinese. More difficult than it seems! Will probably order Chinese food.
Thank you! We love the bag as well. ;-)
Please Please Please My love Follow me please . Love you <3 !#1Day for #Boyfriendvideo could not be more excited. RT if you're excited!!!!
1 hour until my practice talk for
Migraine averted ... yay!
Sounds like this crowd must be from Alabama or Arkansas.
Drug dogs at the Amtrak station? For real?
Heading to a FREE salsa lesson and live salsa band in Union Square tonight at 6. No partner necessary! See you there!
Just watched the #spaceshuttle land live via Ustream - hooray for the internet.
Band laundry day...
Pretty please...... work! work! work!
GAH!!!! RT : Really, Twitter? Tweets from two weeks ago are no longer searchable? Really?
Proud Bobcat tonight!
There is not enough darkness in the world to put out the light of one small candle. Show your light!
when u arent appreciated ull send anyone to hell
ugh right. i keep telling y'all Soy Cubano.
*wears a whistle, listens more, mot hearing voices. Heads to kitchen, calling out softly*hello hello?
I'll ask him to come over whenever we hangout!
legacy cloud = fart
#hawks are up and down, up and down. lose to the #pacers tonite 96-84.
do you sleep?
Best fish fry in Green Bay? Bringing friends from D.C. for New Orleans game.
RT: :Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm~Winston Churchill-love this.True
Miss Tumey, who is the mixer for? Would performers benefit by attending?
When that money go, u should see me chase it; got a little weight but I move at a steady pace its; money talks conversation in staks
I've written a song about Pho that rhymes "Vietnam" with "nom nom nom." It might need some work.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
sorry, #Dbacks! Third period of series-winning hockey beckons!
yeah. 1: guy passed out in the St. 2: abandoned car in an intersection 3. Watermain break 4. My bike was stolen.
Watch your Twitter acct.... virus going around...
I like those the most!!
what IS SMS text messaging? I don't text... what's SMS?
yes. They do. They give you wings
Hi, my names Cheyenne I like fast cars and green eyes <3
Agreed, but most "anon" papers are findable by web search, and what ed would really reject a big name? Anonymity is just gatekeeping
haha i know. i got it handled lol its okay.
Thanks for RT of article. Following you, feel free to follow back
OMG! my body and neck is hurting from the Kesha Music Video shoot, danced a little to hard.
So appropriate. Is this ? RT #FF See Baseball's Best Fans take it in stride:
Kimbra has such a nice voice
We are finally getting settled in to our new office location. 814 Tyvola Rd., Ste. 115. Now if we can get AT&T to cooperate!!
HA! Amazing.
summer nights! :)
I met your friend in Santa Monica today, she just loves you!
Shutter Island is like the best thing ever!
Thanks to Blue Moon Pizza for donating Open Arms dinner tonight to children & their families at It's GREATLY appreciated.
I haven't watched since the Reggie days...but pulling for them!
Nice feature for the "Member Focus" on today...
Cat was going crazy about 5 minutes before earthquake- playing with her ball..
Oh man, I just looked that up and now I gotta try that.
thanks so much for the FF last week!
What are the names of all the #spicegirls ?
San Antonio with my cousin this weekend :)
Thanks for your message, I will defiantly look into it! Are you interested to protect your songs and your copyrights...?
I want to work with you, check out my company. We are an innovative music media tech company from LA! WWW.Mobile-label.net
I'm not going to let any of these selfish muthafukaz Fuck up my day/night
Person: do you have a boyfriend? Me: are you making fun of me
your show needs to be an hour long, 30 min isn't long enough! your to funny! (:
It's officially spring, and we can't think of any better way to celebrate than sipping on a fresh, cold beer!
haha okay! Well what are you SB plans? Just text!
Anyone ever had your windshield replaced? How long am I supposed to leave the tape on?
Sometimes you go to the gym after two weeks of not working out to run on the track, take a look the treadmills, then hop onto an elliptical.
When i flow It's no lie, like I'm under oath. Patron or goose kinda night? Shit I'm getting both.
As long as your mother loves, dont ever love a women.
Need to get all those old business papers shredded? or scanned? #oceanside #eastlake #ptloma #sandiego #oceanside #university city...
Happy birthday sophiaa<(
[susan sontag] unsure if C were cancer or vitamin
So tired , ah
This is so cute!!!!! I have to start reading history, too!!!!
in other words, Actual Larry Summers
lol, that's his money babe
Happy Earth Day. Turn it Green. Beautiful sunny AM in Chicago.
Remaining tickets available at the door tonight, 7:30pm, $18!!! Don't miss this show!!!
I i #appreciate you guys! RT : Great lunch!! Looking forward to the follow up ... thanks again Saif
Might be time to turn on the air-conditioner....
I wonder how much popcorn will be sold over the course of #hungergames opening weekend.
your tweets are definitely making my day!
Breaking News: Metta World Peace has been suspended for 7 games... and Middle East Peace has been suspended for 2,000 years!
LOVE that show. I agree.. Makes me nervous, and I want to surrender my passport..
Boys Are Stupid, They Break Hearts And Can't Make Up Their Mind.
GOD MORNING WELL ALMOST AFTERNOON FROM #TEAMYCB ... CAN WE GET SOME #RVA LOVE
I am infatuated by this one girl;] aha
The Expo in Chicago is less than 3 weeks away! Super excited to see all the latest sweets!
You have to have a dream and then find a way to accomplish it
You always see the prettiest girls likeing the ugliest guys &&' they're just using them -__-
i wanna meet my cousin Ashley tisdale.
Bad Brains is the way to enlightenment
Aww Thank you for Understanding <3
yes he is hes speaking up about bullying and people tweet him to tell him that they showed people his song
i procrastinate way too much. this is a problem
Samantha Brown is THE BEST!
Yes, both full and free reports have public sharing URLs. To access that in free reports, you'll need a free account.
Snack Stacy’s Simply Naked Bagel Chips, Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookie, ½ Cookie (I couldn't resist, I went for the half cookie!!)
Always direct ur thoughts toward relationship with Jesus not religion. A filtered mind keeps an atmosphere for unhindered relationship w/God
Planet Earth looks blue and there's nothing I can do...
I am asking them to adopt me!
dark chocolate almond granola, I am your bitch.
Whats good J? This is J Notez showin love, i have few questions, do you have an email ? get at me
“: is literally the greatest person ever and this is Manuela tweeting this” thxx means a lot
virtuoso: a musician with very high morals. (We know some)
Wish I could make it for #ypunderground I'm never in A2 anymore. I have a good excuse!
Girl Scouts have just posted up in the basement of Meiling Hall selling cookies, it's a feeding frenzy right now!
Don't forget if you're heading out to the game tomorrow it's a white out. Wear white!
#ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery
Glad to be through with my caffeine withdrawal
Guy Kawasaki and Robert Scoble are taking the stage #adtech (@ Keynote Presentation: Advertising in the Social Sphere- Deciphe...
lol no i mean like i liked the show better with simon and paula
: I love you guys,two of the Greatest Champions of all time..Thanks for the Memories.
you coming today?
thank u for all the wish. U r being selfless. Amazing! Hugs!
1. A trend I've noticed recently in job app process: more requests for letters of reference and fewer phone calls.
ENKG... ASK VERY THIN!!! Slap the ask away and were off to another HOY!!!
Thank goodness I get payed tomorrow.
Not with an anxious tween in the mix? Are you having fun, my friend?
Y son loves me, its 12:35am he's fighting sleep, but I got a thousand kisses
PS I just feel YAY ME!
Steven is the sweetest. <U+E329> He makes me feel 100% better 24/7.
Stormy week in MN!
i would say 10-15$ / hour. then 5$ extra per kid. And more if there are new borns or babies.
haha Thank God!!
I had the same feeling, just with more colorful words.
... do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)
love u too darling :)
You know what would be hella funny? To get #blakedavis trending. Hahahah
Jon Bon Jovi is actually my dissertation inspiration.
You too!!
What the fuck ever I just want my wafflez.
I know man lol
UAlbany has its favorites plain and simple, weren't invited? you're not one of em. <<including me
": Greg Maddux, and Javy Lopez for the Braves, (the best ever)
time is the most profound thing to waste
Watching the IU/Purdue game? Our TV commercial just played. Who's attending this year's Expo?
Check Reverb at 10 am tomorrow for the lineup announcement!
Just finished gettin' it in at Ballys in Melrose.... Had a good day today... Stayin' Humble & Countin' BLESSINGS!
Trying to get A's and B's this quarter! almost there ;D i need my math grade to go up.
One less lonely Boy <3
This is what happens when we continously think between the lines and NOT encourage out of the box thinkers. We now suffer.
that's a joke...
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE,PROBLEM????????? <3
insert many expletives here.
those times when your mind take over..
WOOOOHOO! :D wheres the hot guy?
New major likes from the road: super-charged coffee, warm cookies at hotels, audiobooks, naps, mountains, Instagram, parking at venue.
haha nice valentines tip
hey guys, you should totally follow she got a new twitter, but her tweets are really funny
There are different grades of deciding. He's on his own level of the field, which is pretty cool.
Lion King is awesome-the way they do the animals is incredible
taking garden projects in today.
KT McCammond from Chicago just did this week
I didn't make twitter to have any drama actually i was forced to make a twitter by an unnamable person lmao buht ilove it now..!!!
amen! (stupid raisins!)
Exciting week with the Hockey Playoffs!! Cheers!!!!!!
BTW, I am fully #Staching at this point. To my surprise mostly positive comments. Still no match for the stache style of
Taco Legend record just got crushed - 16 tacos in 14min 34sec!
It's going to be a wed night with our lil Jon there on the dj! Only
Oh, Marion! I'm taking your cute neighbor to a concert in Boulder tonight. Meeting at The Sink, too. How you been?
Excellent. Thanks!
What do Kaisers do when it snows in the city? Play, ski and blog, apparently. 3 new post in 1 week?!? Yup. kaisertales.com cc
Had a good time with him. Sleep is what I need now .
That proud moment when you show someone a picture of Austin or Justin and say "That's my idol" , then tell them all their achievements <3
"Listening to my songs is like reading my diary." - Taylor Swift | Taylor Is Our Song
Thanks, Chris. Looking forward to seeing you guys soon.
Happy new year from the ladies of BHBP! Start off 2012 fresh with a new piercing!
you are my best #drawsomething Friend!! hahaah We're pretty awesome!
There is no such thing as true friends anymore everyone is fake af
I'm ready!
don't you have blonde hair alex ?
What is your best feature phone? Samsung Intensity II? Samsung Brightside? Thanks.
So is in the house tonight, be sure to bring your livers AND your dancing shoes.
Other than Game 4 of the '97 Cup finals vs Detroit, this could be the most forgone conclusion in #Flyers hockey history.
I'm so hung over... I'm surprised I got home ok Haha
DID YOU KNOW? The Dead Sea Scrolls are, for the most part, written in Hebrew. Some fragments are in Aramaic.
6:30 baby still asleep but neighbor is yelling and using a nail gun so not for long.
No they're not. relationships aren't meant to be looked at as miserable or feel like u restricted. and ppl look at them that way now. So sad
There is only one way to defeat the enemy, and that is to write as well as one can. The best argument is an undeniably good book.
Enjoyed "Bad To The Bone" by George Thorogood on Pandora
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS. Yall get at me for photos, videos, beats and recording....
I didn't... Haha but thanks!!
great show guys. hope to see you as the full deal soon
Hey Tweeters! Follow Me On Here If You Haven't Already Done So, #ThankYou :D
love my buddy Uly. Can't wait to see him solve some math problems monday.
Its funny how when ur uninspired u will be looking everywhere 4 song ideas & come up dry, then when ur inspired you see ideas everywhere!
Weekend is almost here
we have a campmance on our hands!
Your so gay and you don't even like boys. GUESS THE SONG. It's pretty obvious LOL
Hey Greeny, better pick out your dancing costume! UNLV in the final four???
had the use her gps to locate I465
Scarlet is hot tied up
I hope so! If it doesn't... MORE SPEECHES
“True faith rests upon the character of God and asks no further proof than the moral perfections of the One who cannot lie.”
Sprucing up our Bleu Velvet cocktail: we're talking Skyy vodka, lime juice & Blue Curacao! Hope you join 4/19! Email !
Ah bayern won!! Gomez with a goal, what a surprise. I'll admit it, I became their fan through FIFA
Wondering if ever made that video for ECU?
#teamfollowback is REAL!!! And C3 is taking over Dallas with each new initiate. Retweet and let your followers everywhere know about us!!!!
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
always but its a good busy. I hope you all are having a productive enlightening weekend!! I'm off for now, more in the eve!
enjoy. I have a feeling that tonights speech will be special.
Working on Photoshop for Gia Fragalli Creations!!!!!!!
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from self-pity. It is always self-defeating. Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
Osama Bin Laden is dead. Please be mindful/aware. Though we see him as someone other than admirable, he had people who thought otherwise.
#OHMYGOD I need too get out of here.
&#39;Bohemian Rhapsody&#39; — family carpool jam
Going ahead and takin my tylenol because I know we r gonna cry
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Broccoli. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
My crazy day starts now...<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Cary Grant Film Series to Debut - Barrington, RI Patch
Bad day for insurance companies first farmers now geico crash out in the race no wonder nobody wants to insure these guys
hey man I'm sorry I ain't got back to you but I do want to come over there play Kathy's?
so is missionally not a word either than? Haha
Thank you to "EQT - Where energy meets innovation" for sponsoring the stage at the 2009 Indiana County Fair!
Feeling quite sexy Cuzco I got hair dyed and making boss bitch moves on these hoes
is having a hard time moving her arms. Back day is a hard day.
I hate doing overnight sometimes
Victor Butler has been killing in camp this year. McGee filled in nicely in the last 2 games. last year
Looking for 3-4 day 3br condo rental on gulf coast. Any suggestions on where to look?
omg thanks and to u r my teddy bear!!!;]
that picture makes me want to vom
sweet man, can't wait to see them.
i know haha, but she had posted pictures of 'herself'...and wow, not a fan of an MIA broadcaster, cheating the viewers!
I #amwriting posts, poems, articles, and working on a website---in that order. Busy Wednesday!
I like the way you think.
Manuel Castells kicking us off - lineup includes Benkler, Monge, Nosh Contractor, Wendy Hall and many others - today & tmrw
Jesus -____- you better tell a cop to stay at your house
And definitely excited to see !
Hahahahahahahahah bryan-"daddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!" Jo-"I wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be si ...
First I went to the credit card site & notice there was not a charge for a gift card. Back to I-Tunes site & found I never...
Yeah Doe!
": Rev Jackson agrees that it's sad to see people using scripture to defend inequality, including on an issue like marriage equality."
It's amazing how many well known brands tweet with grammar and spelling errors.
Mad at my hair tho.... Y do u look like this...lastnite u were fabulous...
#NationalHonestyDay Im in love with a straight girl :(
i need a singer
Unable to load video..:(
If there ever was a day to hate being a lady, today was it.
as it should.
So out of it today!!!
no problem aha .
To cool off while golfing, moisten a chamois or other absorbent cloth and freeze in a freezer bag. When it gets too hot, wear on your neck.
#Reddit gets the news out faster than CNN too
Listening to a 24-year-old shouting about how he's having a quarterlife crisis at the gas station. Trying not to visibly laugh.
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Whitney Houston's teenage daughter will star in a reality TV show that follows the family of the "I Wi
"security through obscurity is problematic" #mdl11 from Eric Celeste
Watching Britains got talent! :)
RT : Q2: Not enough has been done, unfortunately. The system is still hugely inequitable.
... Mate were having a BBQ at my moms Sunday you should come
See you there! RT : If you're attending the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Event today at the Glendale Hilton send us a tweet...
Can't believe how excited I get during my hs rival games still while I'm coaching hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+26BE> great game today guys ! So proud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
i agree
In 1948, I begin a serious intellectual quest for a method to eliminate social evil. _Martin Luther King, Jr.
Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions. GOODBYE.
Oh and just finished "The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks" by , great read for teens about HS and fitting in
i hate pest niggas they eat nd dip wen its gone
WHY ARE YOU UP SO EARLY?! Ugh. You boys need a break. <3 x
And the laugh attack continues. I mean... have you ever seen a professional soccer player walk, no run, through a screen door?!?!
If you need any tribal energy tips tweet me.
Thank you for the gift certificate - very kind of you! Excited to try again.
Just left a casting at gayle Keller, and I feel...GOOD!!
The Right to remain SILENT is not what I have a problem with.The Ability to remain silent is what I have a problem doing.
Good news on both fronts. Thanks!
Watching the new show on Oxygen
#CERAWEEK Kissinger says his outstanding characteristic is not humility
Aloha! The conference is going well. I hope I have time soon to explore and tour the island.
woot woot! “: "Gen Y: flexible, confident, social & team-oriented, personalized" #PRSADetroitDiversity”
dont take this the wrong way cause im just wondering but do you belive in the devil?
how has it been recording the new album? Hope u r having a fantistic time with the boys(:
Thanks to all for your kind thoughts. The cyst is gone and all went well. Sent me home with 4 stitches.
Now, I'm a Tiramisu delivery boy...
Checking in at FRED Wildlife Refuge for a conference. I'm summoning you from the woodworks, my party mountain cohorts...
#smbmad If it goes on that long nest time we will have to order in Pizza and burgers to sustain us. I am famished!
Sleepover with some faggot
Time and Gems Extends Their Annual T&G Wholesale Event
um ok.
Let it go
I REFUSE to watch this shit happen again. If I were at the game, I'd run ON THE COURT.
on to my sons basketball game love watching 7 yr olds play ball. Good luck Gage!
awake and tired, wishing Morpheus would come to me! What about you ?
^PH Yeah, thanks -- she's pretty great -- we think we'll keep her!
I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best. - John Keats
what is going on
shut up u bout to make my screen go black wit ur talking ass
I'd REALLY hate to be Thom Thibodeau right now.
Defy your 'Real Age'...Meditating is Creating Thicker Brain Cells
THATCamp, you mean? The journal is co-edited by me and a colleague from Atlanta, so we're a bicoastal operation. :)
no the govt is giving a boot to the head of anyone trying to make it without govt handouts by making BS FAIR SHARE speeches & taxes
well hurry gurl
Diamonds are just chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
"Seek the peace and prosperity of the city. . .Pray to the Lord for it, because if it prospers, you too will prosper" -Jer 29:7
For sure. FOLLOWED (:
Hey there. Will do. I haven't been on here in a while. Busy writing. Talk to you later!
Ximedica's David Fink: Per FDA, medical device designers need 2 understand - & test - "human factor" & anticipate user errors.
by jove it worked!
In honor of #summeriscoming I am giving up candy for lent. 46 days to go...
No one can go back and make a brand new start, but anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending!
st want to die<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Happy Veterans Day! To all the soldiers that are sacrificing their lives & time w/ their families to keep us safe. You have my gratitude. <3
Where is the love?
Jp,the robot guy off of grandmas boy >
Thanks for the follow. I'm compiling a list of fav #travelmemoirs. Which book gave you wanderlust?
...lmao u cnt be a cheap sugar mama
Looking forward to breakthrough in thinking.
Every week on the #sharktank they should have a dunking tank with a huge rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked !
I love my fabulous life!!
He's fine too, but I want youu.
Just scanned the NPR article; will check out the Newbie's guide too. Tks!
Yum! Fruit Pastilles :D
I don't get it... rude ppls.
Press Conference and tesifying today on sb 140 for penalty for the failure to report abuse
Right?! You think after that I should be able to do anything.
i always want to swing by a Buffet after fasting
I work at a boarding school for kids with learning disabilities, so I get to opportunity to see a lot of these things 1st hand
I might move Wright to 1st base and Inge to 3rd Base an that's my corner infielder for the 10 years
You bet they did! - The B Side RT : Wow... crowd sure did love 's "Memphis Lives in Me" tonight!
I do lurve that feature from
Start scheming' niggas tryna get at me
How much of a tax write down will get because they lost $2 billion?
you are number 99 out of 100 my friend
Facebook should have a relationship status saying ; " Friends with benefits " since that's all anyone is anymore .
Do you know ! How I can post the in twitter !!!! Because I don't want to post the on YOU TUBE !!!!
Why can't I ever fall asleep! I wish there was a OFF switch on me.
I hope you know your the reason I'm moving. But it's better I guess because you don't even care I'm alive.
Aww, I'm so glad. He'll never have some hall of fame bat but Chicago adored him because he always busted his ass.....
All Around The World x Mac Miller #BestDayEver #MostDope !!!
thanks July!
#expowest about one months and counting! Who else will be there?
Abandoning my EC2 micro instance for RackSpace. Load consistently over 5 with 97% stalled? I've outgrown it.
aw...thanks! Yeah I need to come visit some time
Everything is possible through God, if we just open ourselves to the possibilities.
how long are you in Seattle for?
Follow Mistakes Were Made from Nashville, TN. We are working on our 1st album and will be posting updates frequently with twitter!
uh oh what happened la chica?
hahaha I'd also be scared!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> the priest is gonna be like this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> lmao! Jk
last day of the business week! make sure you swing by for some lunch and dinner!
Hahaha ... Biden just saw that Ted Nugent agreed to meet with SS. He said, "Damn, I hope he brings some underage hookers to the meeting!!!"
Lots of HF-Twestival love today. Thanks everyone. Spread it to your other networks too (email, Facebook)
Come hang out with Rucker from 98.9 Radio Now at Impellizzeris downtown. Grab some free CDs and great pizza
If you were serenaded by Call Me Maybe tonight, that was me and
one bottom....
what kind of dogs do u have?
hey I'm the one u tweeted back to the other day.I wanted u to know my birthday is tomarrow please call 812-679-1479<3
I want you to want me as much as I want you
This public pool is a lot warmer than usual. I hate kids..
special last minute fares for today... call for details. 414.744.0400
RT - The Super Bowl for my first franchise in Madden NFL 12: ... drumroll please ... San Francisco 49ers vs. Jacksonville ...
Right back at ya!
next time BOTH of you will come to Caliente! :) I'm craving another Fajita Combo!
Why do slow people think it's ok to drive in the fast lane?
wanna join me? :D
of course, behind are some good folks at One Economy, but the contest also gives full rights to AT&T, for better and worse...
hahahahha I was honestly wondering what the fuck you were talking about for a second haha
Ushered in the new year singing Holiday in Cambodia on RockBand 3. All is right in the world.
above all them wars.
yes we are!
I stand with Walker....like reading u Tom!
Seeking a Records Manager in #NJ with DARM experience. Contact me for details!
it is the best at their show for that!!
how u doing tosh!?
Finally convinced Jen to watch the movie "Sleepers" with me after nearly 3 years of building it up. It's extremely underrated and a classic.
Was it the SERIES finale?
What salt water does to your hair>>>
Freelance editors, we'd love to know, where is the best place to find writers that need editing services?
if i knew what i know now I might be futher along with my goals but knowing now has me cherishing time and focused as ever.
Drake Show<Lake Show
#weddingday!! Im so happy for my mommy and gary! I love them both so much!
SCAN will close at 4pm today, Tuesday 7/27, for the Rally for SCAN's Future.
Haha well then that sucks.
be sure to make me skinny in the poster.
Its about time!!
The Statue of Liberty will close Oct. 29 for a year-long makeover to add stairways and upgrade the interior facilities.
aww i guess #himym will never be honored the way it should be at
Everything changed ... People en masse were getting involved and the great and inspiring MLK had emerged from his pulpit. - James Farmer
Just beginning #zaslow "The Magic Room," with a new sense of urgency to read it and an enhanced poignancy to each of his words. RIP.
Good morning!
send a message on Facebook and we'll get you hooked up
Well that just goes without saying. It's not even an option!
We will be there in 10 min.
It was heaven.<U+2665><U+2605>
yea dude its similar to the game which was awesome
Who's interested in a contest?!?!? Details to come soon!
- just remember what they say about "payback" .... :-)
Christian, meet Charles. Welcome to the NFL
We're sorry we called Leonard Cohen "LeCo"!
Is your Twitter profile a real quote by Maya Angelou? If so, I'm so happy to be alive.
that wallpaper just needs to be retweeted by you and then go download the wallpaper from your retweet... It works
Dallas BBQ with Jeffy and Bethie
It's just $4.95 for the growler and then $10 to fill it with our original cold brew. $14 if you want double strength.
benn a Min SInce i was on Here.. hm!!!!
Danish company develops innovative hearing aids that streams ...
I'm watching Asleep at the Wheel at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 miles and miles of texas.
Broadcasting Live Tonight
Who wouldn't let you scream "ohh" into a soft pillow?! I'm such an animal. And baby honestly these teeth won't let you goo.
that looks amazing
With respect...what does that leave, exactly?
Could it be that Pujols is not receiving the same treatment from AL umpires? That in effect changes the zone.
The call to assemble is getting closer and closer...
Yes, remember the conversation we all had on the 12th hole while sleet was pelting us in the face?
Moderate GOPers have bn shut out by local Party structure. Santorum like local faction plays the game better-more aggressive.
Dental Tip: Drink fluoridated water. At least a pint of fluoridated water each day is needed to protect children from tooth decay.
Gone in 60 seconds
Good bye 20's bring on the 30's!
joey wiz has fame? i'll take that.
I did this - did you? Text "HAITI" to "90999" & donate $10 to the Red Cross to help with relief efforts, charged to your cell phone bill.
Gorgeous weather ahead for the weekend here in San Francisco! What will you be doing to enjoy it?
well come fuck wit us... simple as that
Oh fuck me-Cosmo is coming out with Cosmo for Guys? The world doesn't have enough guy blogs as it is? Gents does this remotely interest you?
good! Looking forward to lunch.
Dammit, that was supposed to be a text to
Along with Marie Antoinette, I'm distant relatives w/ Copernicus, Princess Alice, Prince Philip, & Luke the Evangelist. Thanks !
That's why i've begun to listen to her album 19. I don't listen to the radio anyway.
Tonight one advances to next level & wins $1,000. Place your final tweets on who<U+261E><U+261E><U+261E><U+261E> 4 Terri /4 Carla or
Holiday pod preordered. Bring on those holiday games, walt!
yo yo SBK can still suck during the holidays, fair is fair. U SUCK, Orlando turn it off..
God Morning World!!!!
RT : "There are as many realities as there are minds contemplating them." Russell
hey well thanks a lot for telling me cuz I really appreciate that. But for some reason it keeps saying that the page is denied..
thanks so much for the follow! If you or a client needs a new mattress or furniture please let us know!
Please welcome to our production team!
Is there such a thing as lesson planning software?
If allergies were a person I'd knock it the eff out!
Do you know any good app developers?
Sometimes , When I close my eyes , I can't see ..
LAUGH LIKE NIALL
i fell like ima get a lot of c's this semester
I'm following Can I get a follow?
So my home girl said she have sex with her man twice a month yet she don't think they relationship in trouble, WOWZERS!!! What y'all think?
Not sure how I feel about the NYT's headline for article on Ferriero: "Collector in Chief Hoards Nation’s Irreplaceable Stuff" (1/2)
"We experience moments absolutely free from worry. These brief respites are called panic." -Aphorist Cullen Hightower
V-Mart
Some guy just sat down at my table at this restutant. Is this the MOST awkward feeling? There's a good chance of it.
Thank you for your kind message. Scary to put myself out there, but if it makes animals' lives better, it's worth it.
haha, nothing is happening tonight. I can guarantee you that!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes I am! Soo glad lol
So I'm on my break and some ol man just licked his lips at me...
Looking at a lot of drawings and paintings on was a major ego boost.
my first real hack!
As hard as it is, sometimes you just need to put on your big girl undies and move on...
one of my closest friends is a huge fan as am I do you think you can give her a shout out her name is rebel thank you.
Everyday is Halloween in Baltimore
I will never fly airtran again. The worse horrible service ever. I implore my friends to do the same. @ Hobby airport!
i was extra faded i fell asleep on 's text in like all of two minutes lol
Fuck I-25 south right now!
You Excited for Orlando ? Let rock Florida
how was #SXSW2012??
yeah I go to school too lol. You should come out sometime when I'm playing! :)
I had some trouble with FB this morning. Nothing horrible, but enough to notice it was having problems.
Hi there! Thanks for the mention :)
Great!! I can't complain!! Grindin' n jukin', trackin' n jackin'! Great sprit and energy these days. #turnupseason!! ;-)
nomatter thick and in..were always gonna blend
was just in Dallas and experienced the strangest thing...
God is Good!
If you love short films, stop in and see the Oscar-Nominated Live Action & Animation programs opening tonight!
busting out Oh Sweet Nuthin from #TheVelvetUnderground right now...oh yeah!
boxer-briefs are most superior underwear
Agreed! Hard AI folks hard to stomach. But hard to compare insects & software both can be successful in their niches. Not a "ladder"
I want some old school focus hope oven grilled cheese bread
I'm not tell far into it, but it feeds my insomnia! Get on it woman!
I say i do i do i do i do lol
Nice work Gamel!! Keep up your hard work!!
At the library waiting to go to the indiana room with
me too hope its as good as this 1 was
Thank you for the mention.
Blue is still pretty at night
Great fight on tonight
Don't give up yet.
Quick Business.. I have recently gotten access to some Denver Metro wholesale real estate deals. Please let me know if you'd like updates!
omg I look hella dark you can't even see me I look like last might and last night was dark lol
Thanks for the follow.
“: Time to get my nerd on tonight so I can party tomorrow night lol #Imagoodstudent”
Cocaine-fueled memorization binges.
Not sure. Would be helpful though!
u guys are awesome! Whenever I want a good laugh I watch ur show, and it never disappoints!!! Keep it up guys!!!:D
Eminem- no apology
Right, the problem is though it would be hard to tell people what to expect without an iilegal call to action.
oh how I love getting migranes while I'm working.
Well All I Can Say Is Today Was Another Days Journey And I`Am Glad About It
Part 3 of 3 on adoption of BI: Buy-in and acceptance of what will be measured and presented to the managers.
Check out 's new track "turn it up" by Young Siic via #soundcloud soundcloud.com/young-siic/06......
Really looking forward to some day trips to Chicago this summer.
This weather is amazing
Stop. Consciously relax the crown of your head. Breathe. What do you notice?
My acount was hacked, its fixed now...sorry for the 8mil. Weight loss messages!
Happy new year gurl!
For real? I am sorry if that is so, Cliff.
After a fairly victorious Koontown weekend, I've just been hit by three setbacks in a row. Oh, well.
Playing hotel angeleno west lounge tonight, 9pm, with Mark Miller, Ryan Cross, Peter Buck.
THAT'S A LIE. You're videos are so amazing(: I subscribed!
Your response was cut off, but we're still really interested in your take on #traveling #safety standards. Can you clarify?
will you be my friend tonight. I'm on my way and everyone ditched me
At american idols Live! so fun. I cant wait to see ADAM!
just posted: Great Crash of 1929 tour of the Financial District. It's a bit windy at parts - so tough to record outside!
I'm paying way too much attention to the inappropriate post drama on OCLC-CAT this morning.
Any benefit for ordinary mlb fans to drop by the winter meetings?
I HATE CHILI'S! SAVE ME PLEASE
THANK YOU Edge bro for the new #StraightEdge followers :) the #Edgefamily is awesome!
Pure Rock & Roll
best of luck with the PE recovery they suck!!
What's it about
VIP revolver...... Happy Early Birthday to my roomie. Love ya Koa!
I despise cheap ass people, especially when you got the money to spend
what are you reading on twitter that is making you say that?
In better news, suck it nerds, don't have to sit in a middle seat on my flight tomorrow :D
So there going to be strike
Someone please make me laugh.
The moment a child is born, the mother is also born.
I fucking love you guys! See you on the 26th here in new york mother fucking city!
My GF said I was disrespectful and I was thinkin' does that mean she's gonna get me a beer or not?
milkshake milkshake milkshake.
What gets you out of a rut?
What!! That is not acceptable!
The Bucks are probably the WORST team I've ever seen in clutch situations. How many times have they not even got a shot off on th last play?
At this country spot called LJ's. Off the hook y'all
Home from #SpiritsofMexico! So many new tequilas...wonder how many will be around in another year.
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
I've been watching way too much 24 lately to be on this sketchy little plane <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><U+2708>
I'm near Dallas Texas doing a film shoot for Friday's restaurant, it's called Friday's Night Live, we film 3 full episodes for each day of …
is my favorite! NO ONE can move like her, she is insanely talented and gorgeous too
Congrats to slake contributor for being a livingston award finalist! You deserve it!
great wknd in cbus with some of my fav musicians/friends. Appreciate you
#10ThingIFindAttractive 's smile (:
Social change comes from personal testimony - motivating people by connecting their relation to individual autobiography and experience.
missing you in Arizona thank goodness for twittwer and your music!
Bring the kids to #Easter fun tomorrow! Hop to the Bunny Train and take a trip around the market!
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
To volunteer at the Philadelphia Science Carnival, on Saturday or Open Labs Day on Wednesday, email .edu
Nap before the game.
Why did girls start doing First name/middle name on FB instead of last name? It's really stupid.
hahaha ... I hope he's not the one who gave me a $150 parking ticket. That would be embarrassing -_-
SE pdx RT : If you didn't tell me your location, and you heard the thunder... please let me know so we can add your community!
battle royale was dope too, but I read this shit a few years ago and for me it's upto par
I really need something to do tonight!
You were a great soccer player too. Got to see you play when I was a kid.
People in #DC talk crazy to the employees in subway
and he will be the heir to King Fluffay II it shall be a wonderful thing x)
ha, you weirdo
Last week we sold out! RT : Nice hot day for the OSP farmers market! Loki smoked salmon salad and red velvet bag-o-donuts!
I'll get in touch after next week to plan something
Finally my car is good as new <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
I love music. Do you? :)
Congrats well deserved, my friend!!!
We will have to make up an occasion to excuse the calories and sugar.
UPDATE 1-CI Capital raises Credit Agricole Egypt to hold
I hope you know I'm done trying to talk to u first..it's always me
It's amazing what a difference a pixel can make.
Gross neckbeard patches- gone.
#itshardwhen you have 12 exams let and half of them are Maths!!!! :'(
been thoroughly unimpressed by gibson in this series thus far. maybe not tonight, but this could be the biggest mistake of the series.
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE VOTE 1-800-868-3411
Happy Friday Agam! Hope that last tweet doesn't overload your phone...
ahh is making logos any fun
Started the great migration to bring the music collection in as FLAC. Anticipate finishing in 2013.
How the great #smart #educated #progressive of #Wisconsin get #hoodwinked #bamboozled by #republicans #backwards #scottwalker?
“: love it bro was on your website looks great and sounds great! Hope we can hook up soon ” Hell yea!!!
Customer just called to make sure I was coming by today. I already met with him and took his order! These people own businesses?
i wanna cry. BUT that would show weakness. plus that is a really stupid reason to cry.
that sounds good so remember me :) do you have Facebook???
And we miss you too ;)
The guy sitting behind me on the train smells like pear vodka and despair.
wonder if there's a spread opportunity maybe? Don't have any data here... Thinking "out loud"
we'll miss you...and look forward to using your work to find great eats
Glad To See You Media Handling... Start Tweeting More Too... Get Dis Bitchh Jumpin
Headed to Greece with stops in Athens and Santorini, to name a few.
Check out the High Line, walk around the West Village, visit Brooklyn and Queens. What are you interested in?
So being pretty is easy right? Sarcasm ...What about the senior co workers who treat u like crap because of their insecurities?
Yeah. I've been avoiding smokers to avoid temptation. I'm still afraid I'll cave. But, you're right - giving crap goes nowhere.
Feel bad for my boy. He is so upset lose and he didn't get to see up close. Dallas was not nice to an 11yr old
Check out the new pics of Osso Clothing in The Parlor on Facebook and go to the blog for the full story!
Dude...all sorts of tom foolery.
yes. Was after #badgerhockey game
I agree it is quite a challenge, but seems necessary, #healthcare must evolve
Haha. Awesome. Are you going to be at C?
My friend Clint is filming in Nepal. This is me being jealous.
Anyone have and good stories? Like im bored and wanna read a good one
BTW counties don't impose their will on other counties; people select based on majority vote, counties have no vote
Your tweets made my day. It's the absolute best that you know how many NCEs you have (&where they are) in a second.
#3WordsOfAdvice FREE YOUR MIND
because of the #Pirates recent woes the #Brewers game got the C team from Fox
now tht just means the president is jealous too cuz hes not as beastly as #Mr. Wiggles. This keeps getting better and better!!
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
If i die today id live on threw the seeds i planted in others and the love of my true friends and family so why fear wut must happen one day
Is it possible to get high off of soda??
Good morning! World Champ talks about this 2012 Bulls team as we enter the playoffs & don't 4get 2 wear red! See you at 6am!
RIP Don Cornelius
You make a really good point. My question is: what makes the personal opinion of a critic valid as a consumer report?
I am with you. When I hear "peanut butter" and "banana" I am sold.
Ha Ha you're little boy's got a little poppin' & breakin' to the
hoe w/e.. It Brings back sad memories now. :'(
At least you livin in USA)))
So who wants 2 play WWYD MB<3 edition?? tweet me!
Exam 1 & 2 passed with a B+ -__- not so happy about it .
What I needed
oh memories of awkward moments :-}
But not because of Pierce Brosnan.
Good evening! Shannon from KY!
Gruden's QB camp is great.
I need to get myself motivated to stick to the P90X schedule....
GHS at Acad Super Bowl so far FA team 3rd, Soc St 3rd, Math 2nd in class 3. Scores likely not good enough to adv to state. Eng team on now.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
,Hi Eddy I would like to know how to join with my food concession KONEZEE the Westchase Charitable Food thanks Lorraine at KONEZEE
you took me out your bio first kid so why would I keep you in mine.
I will never understand why people post unflattering pictures of themselves on Facebook
My nerves
Date... Commitment... Marriage... Children...
The bachelor bores me..
#PrizesOnAHoodGameShow Get out of jail free card
DO NOT WISH TO BE ANYTHING BUT WHAT YOU ARE! Well... ok then. PDRR Man IS 24/7 Mitigation 'n Restoration 'n Reconstruction Services! Yay!
#wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I hate sleep
oh no! Then what should we use for cleaning brick, and treating wood for termite protection?
Yoko Do you have any fears walking the streets of New York City today?
his party tips are AMAZING
really! that's great! funny how that works! :)
"The Falklands thing was a fight between two bald men over a comb." Jorge Luis Borges
For all you Minecraft people, what's... The point? I built an awesome house, but now what?
I am dreaming of a chicken and waffle sandwich.
My pleasure. Great creed.
I love it
my house is nice (: you should come here (;
Feels good to almost be caught up after being gone on vacation. Some #NHL fun tonight, then the #NFL Draft action tomorrow evening.
I want Follow me? My best day :)
PS anyone who tells you that Angel is better than Buffy is spewing utter HOGWASH.
rendition sidewise: The Effectiveness Of Video Promotion In ...
Twilight and den knocking out work tomm -_- ! Uqh hate Mondays.
It's a Neil Simon month starting this week 'Rumors' and 'The Odd Couple'
Q. Difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man fighting with his wife... A. A man has a chance at winning at the lottery.
I like to kick and stretch!
Happy St. Patrick's Day Columbus!
I will be there. We HAVE to meet!
s/o to my new follower she sexy AF so y'all nigggas need to get intune with her
watching on <3
“You can’t pause toast Larry. It loses its essence.” Leon, Curb Your Enthusiasm:
if this sparkling wordplay is wrong, i don't want to be right...
2 microbiology lectures in 1 day? I don't know if I can handle this.
Shorty damn well she another got enough teeth her big ass
Is it working now?
i love your chanel bags you always rock! what was the dress you wore at brandi's party? it was gorgeous! boho chic =)
when u get home can I go to ur house and use my laptop there because I need to send my paper to my teacher online please
Alright I'm going to sleep forreal now. Idk how the hell I'm still awake.
Any chance he replaces Bick as your go too whipping boy?
What I just witnessed: a man chase a goose with an umbrella, beat the shit out of it, then stole its eggs. #whatadick/getalife
I'm in love with my guy I don't need another man in my face ever. If you can't just have yo chick be single
“: Good morning!” Good afternoon now,have a great day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
George Herbert~ Love and a cough cannot be hid.
I'm going to go out on a limb and predict Game 6 of Rangers-Caps series is going to be a nailbiter.
Don't wait until you're developing health conditions to drink alkaline water. Many diseases develop over a long period of acid buildup.
BRAVO that! I could handle THAT! I know my kids,but it still scares me!My nightmare is anyone in my basement doing nothing.
never tried it
Ok Orioles Fans! Enough already! Let's hold a "occupy Camden Yards"!! Maybe that will get that tight-ass Angelos out!
About to start packing shoeboxes for OCC!! Whoot whoot!! This will be awesome!!
seriously Mike?..us ranger fans dont care about how John treats you leeches? He's doesnt like you guys but he loves his team
Hey our favorite followers Remember tweetup and menu unveiling tomorrow!
America&#39;s Next Top Model Controversy: Five Possible Reasons Behind the Cast Shakeup
i bet your ass is jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth
This Potbelly sandwich line in Rock Center is out of control. And yet I am in it.
i tweeted to you but forgot the and btw, chuck is a jerk.
morning all #TGIF we made it
NEXT YEAR FOR SURE!!!!! .. Thanks for being a #UFL and #Nighthawks supporter!
player of the game Ryan Lindley!!
Y'all upset that #49ers lost !
with the ko of the night for sure!!!!
Only "job-killing regulations"? I thought you were aiming for "job-killing gas tax" to be more popular.
Accident I-15 south at Charleston. Delays to Washington
how often do you listen to unsigned artist to see if they got that hotness?
And most of the time, we won’t even notice or bother to care, because we’re too busy with out little disaster that we call life
Let's spare a thought for celebrities on Twitter who voice their political opinions and must contend with an avalanche of unwarranted crap.
I would love to live there! Where do you live here?
To book email:
Yes that is a flawless song. How is Broadway treating you?
Happy bday to my boy
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MONKEY" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
Music can change ya mood in seconds
Great show by tonight at Swingers Club ! W/
Don't nobody touch my kids....its a WRAP!!!
why is everyone in such a rush for me to get married?
That's all, and in the metric system, only 2 meters, and 7 centimeters; not a silly millimeter longer. How short are you?.
If you're a bird, I'm a bird <U+2665>
Everyone add me on scramble with friends! :) if you have one though lol dirtydannnnn
and now people on the patio show up with a wedge and a putter
Just saw 's #veryharoldandkumarchristmas in NYC premiere and it was awesome! 5star rating from me! Job well done Kal!
oh well that's not so bad lol.
Tallahasse, you are too kind! Jacksonville, here we come!
What a day?! O_o I, legit, got 1 thing done on my to-do list. So freakin busy. Busy is the goal, though. #i'lltakethat
To all of the Preachers, Ministers, Politicians, Coaches & Leaders: Did God call you or did you call yourself?
Me wit all these curves & you without no brakes...(O) lolz!
donbt try and be all badass if your gonna get caught
that look amazing!
2 car crash on HWY 26 eastbound near the zoo is blocking the left lane. Crews on the scene.
Sneak Peek show starts tonight around 10:30
I hear Librarian Martian is as tall as Clementine, but I not believe!
Mini Corndogs, duh
I have to travel to GoodYear to rescue one of little friends after class. Blah.
What up tonight Seattle???
Its so sunny! :)
Should I feel guilty that there are two contractors working in my attic all week to install my new AC system when it is 100+?
I want to suffocate CEOs of corporations with my hairy asscrack.
CALLING ALL VENUES! Need a team of promoters and dj's that will walk the walk and not talk the talk. AZ PartyLife Productions 602.348.1722
thanks for viewing it:))
In the footsteps of the re-invention of the portal: federated ID, file synchronization, mobile app mgmnt and data security convergence
Thanks very much! Glad you could tune in!
I like your name guys haha
Yes! RT Thanks to & for putting me over 400 followers! Day off here I come!
The entire sphere is Holy Land (and water). Thanks.
Whos going to see the avengers tonight? Im jealous :[
Im just soo tired.. Think a cold is coming on...:-(
*finishes tea, rinses out out cup* can't believe im still tired but I.didn't sleep much. *yawns*
Very proud Mama! My daughter passed all her classes and now has a Masters degree from Smith college! And she is only 23 yrs old.
3 district baseball champs all within 5 miles of me: Lexington, White Knoll, Gilbert. We play baseball here!
how many of my followers live in the US?
Thanks for the reminder..
Stupid question, but what does #bbpb stand for?
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. — Henry Ward Beecher
Saw some tweets about it. Show me mañana...
#DBoys looking to invest in a music career? Let me take you to the top of the world and show you what's available to you. Clean ur $$$ now!
Thank you Mr Middlebrooks!
Hell of a round today mate!! Congrats!! RT : Thanks to all my tweeter Friends for the support!!
SN58 with We hit ’s Jerk Driver, ROCK, , PLUS - We fix gender inequality in composition.
lmao I'll let it go...
Well take it easy. I hope it's not too hot out there. It's nice here (even though I'll prob be inside the library til closing)
on that basement swag
How do people actually think the Hunger Games looks like a good movie? If a movie doesn't completely suck today, it's gold.
deserves a gold star!!
Danger Snack Does.... Chicago! Mon April 2nd 1030pm in the Loft Roger Waters & Van Halen tix up for grabs & a bake sale!
She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne, and she cut your hair. And from your lips she drew the hallelujah.
UPDATE: Tornado Warning Canceled for Rice, Steele and Waseca counties.
In before Lakers fans with their "EAST COAST BIAS...COUNT DA RINGZZZ" "argument."
i am heyy(:
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Great concept - come to Austin too!
Cosmic countdown ! Going to show my swag with Friends!!
Tune in to 6abc right now: JAY Z and Mayor Nutter are announcing an awesome music festival for this Labor Day!
Bitch his mine :)
Some bloggers deserve a distinction! They are much better than media in what they do. Good job!
The Departed on FX is a great way to start the morning.
tried install on another comp, held button for 10 seconds for hard reset...all failed grr for FuelBand
I'm loving this day in the NFL!
Finally got my drip sprinklers set up. Now the pretty stuff can stay green!
Hi twitter world !
Hahaha OMG the blow remix is amazing needs more views!!
Allergies & sinus are killing me
RT : The Physcis equations on the background white-boards of #BigBangTheory are real and changed according to each show's theme.
luv u boo
A brand not responding on Twitter is like hanging up the phone on customers. With millions watching.
the greatest feeling is when im running with pure adrenaline and i dont have control of my legs, but i know im still moving full speed
I was... Was poppin
Loving the life I'm living<3
If your future looks blur. Take the time out today to build a collage on poster board. (daryldorsey.com)
“: 1 hour and 10 mins til my birthday. #22” Happy birthday in advance for your king to be!
#VonChurch is currently looking for #network #programmers for #jobs in #Texas, #Vegas, #SanDiego and beyond
4 n e body doin music,got studio time cheap! @ a great location $20 a hour!real nice spot! hit me up on FB r TWTTER 4 MO info..1Shot
An epic breakthrough to see his dad cry! I felt embarrassed for the g.mom's attitude WTF. Love the person first.
I don't think I feel like school tomorrow
Within five years you'll be a national authority.
ok-figured it out. Can I still blame an education of wholly handwritten exams (1st time on internet post-uni 1999!) for my technostupidity?
Record it..... weekends like this are too rare to stay inside!
so true! It's so bright outside!
"Even if ain't all it seems I've got a pocket full of dreams"
Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong.
lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??
Farmers Market till noon, still time to get ova here for your fruits and veggies!
I don't understand your relationship . . . I don't think you do either.
A lifetime supply of theCRICKETtoy to the next person to purchase complete set of Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns (it's my break even one) :)
Blasting Taylor Swift's cd on my way to work. Getting some weird looks... Who can resist singing along to Taylor Swift?
dance for me babe? For my Bridal shower you can be my stripper.
congratulations on this WONDERFUL day! Couldn't be more filled with joy for you!! Hate to miss, but my heart is SO there. xo
players now are just too big and too fast.
This #fridaythe13 was pretty good
I love you in a pedophilic way
That is why I refuse to buy one.
The best thing about making champagne cupcakes is drinking the extra champagne while baking them.
Excited to have a new gym in CA, mine is getting a little old after 2 years. Regardless, im off to the gym! #working out
#Thankstomyex ...i hate carrots!!! >:(
Fare increase will allow "additional rush hour service during the peak period, to improve bus service, and to improve maintenance,”
people have no respect or any type of professionalism no one was there when I started now that things improved now I c every 1
1977 stands out for another reason: Gyrich and the beginnings of government intrusion into #Avengers affairs.
What is more dangerous than a nuclear test?.... A North Korean nuclear test.
what the what? WHERE?!
Yeah Buddy :o
Most wonderful! Have a great time and congratulations!
Bouta be back at the house with that kill
I wish I could quit my job
Oh god, I'm talking to myself on twitter again.
Oh geeze I bet you would love this show. I hate it but I know you would love it
getting some good boomers here now... think a cell formed directly overhead just now
They feel like my last words.
Thanks, but won't make it later. Will I see you ?
yeah you are
I've been taking notes by summarizing each chapter once I finish, which helps a lot.
i got hacked. i didnt post that
you really are a weirdo
LOL. You'll be so busy trying to find the room you should be in that you won't think about tweeting.
8.36 minutes of perfection. Suite Sioux. Red Clay.
that would be awesome! It deserves time lapse! Tired of seeing flowers grow! lol
I think we definitely need to score one of these.
Looking forward to our visit with on Monday!
In bed at 9:30pm watching #thenewgirl and eating mochi balls... Sometimes colds can be fun!
Time for the online board meeting!
Well Good Thing I Am Weird Otherwise You Probably Wouldn't Have Remembered Me From RYLA :(
Thinking you may have a late lunch today? Order after 3pm and get FREE delivery!...
Me: Can you grow please? Hair: NO. Boobs: NO. Stomach: Okay!
"When Torres scores, Barcelona lose.."
um, hell yeah!! (: like my fav band!! :D
lol. I just threaten them then their all like 'okay. gosh! sorry' lmao
Now that our children are required to engage in 24/7 bestiality, Newt wise to force them to work. Employers can decide on contraception.
damn where's the single for KM!!!!
...is awful at sleeping and worse at not gambling
AdamElesberg is looking quite nice
Happy mothers day to my loveley mom :)
I wish Dolly Parton followed Miley :) they were on a show together :)
Unless people sign up for class tonight there won't be a 6AM class.
Yeah, I could hear you.
Proud to say I don't know anybody from West Virginia
“: Tony D 370# x2 bench press 2 board with a pause” what?thats ridiculous
Return to Forever!!! Yes sir
I'm just saying there's a lot of OF better at the plate than Markakis. He might be better than all of them in field tho
We are... bestfriends.. but when it comes to food, that is a complete different story.
Shit, I need to step away from the computer screen for a few, my eyes are buggin!
Spice up your day w/ a Buffalo Shrimp basket, fries & cole slaw for $9.99. Press conference @ noon for you know what.
If I wasn't going to Hot Snakes, I'd be here RT Tin Can Ale House tonight! Rafter / Tourism / Matt Curreri 9pm start time, $5
you should follow me cause yolo
"College is like a boner, you get all stiffed up and about to explode."
How do I get your very pushy sales people to stop calling me? They don't take 'no' for an answer, and it's aggravating us.
My coworker just found out her daughter is going to the Olympics!
Hiking Tips From The Experts
I am glad the IC's feelings cannot be hurt! They're very pretty wall hangings but I've done batik myself, so u gotta trust me!
How often do you get to see Harry and the boys? :) xx
with nothing but my shirt on? Good thing its warm in my house!
RT : Stayed in the car just to hear "if this world were mine" by Luther Vandross #classic #TheWood <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> thats the shit
Mike are you performing in Milwaukee anytime soon. Caught you in MKE last year or so and would love to see another show
Talent wins games, perseverance wins championships, with both I'll create a dynasty..
2day is simply a boring day.....sigh
wow! Where at?
did you see iit in Chicago????
definitely it's been months since acting class for me! Hay maybe we could go see a movie or something? ;)
Today serving breakfast sandwiches like you wouldn't believe plus the Parisian Omelet, Mulligatawny soup or Crispy Chicken and Apple Salad.
Rested up from an excellent weekend. Looking forward to a great week of work at the !
Tues night we were sitting by rowdy #Brewers fans w/our kids and the staff was great in calming the fans & giving our kids stickers!
Big plans for me in the future
Just copped a Fifth of #BLUEDOTCÎROC for my cousins. We bout to Celebrate
love it!!! When will it be released?
sounds like a sample from daft punk? maybe?
As a preliminary step to the real practice of good will, let us simply recognize that imperfection is our common denominator. -Manly P Hall
alright, we'll do it next week.
$17 billion is a big difference and means we'll most likely have another budget crisis as we get closer to October.
Mandarin Oranges are deelish.
#tympani pedals bass line with #tabla. Three three minute #improvisations. Repeat as desired.
All 4 were really performances; lyrical, sentimental; valuing "useless," "fleeting," "lo-fi" & challenging multimodality.
JLo is going on tour with Enrique? Nice knowing you, Casper. She'll be banging that boy by June.
On the InfoDesk this afternoon... nice to be back in reference - it has been a long summer! :)
Update! Construction on the new tennis courts gets into full swing at Ellenberger, Douglass and Krannert Park this week.
There's a reason you have been dreaming of teabags...
#808Pride i dont no how the poeple who make dirty tweets have more folllwers than those who keep it real :( come on
#WeDontMissSelena we really dont I love however made this trend(;
The carrot kimchi I made is finally done fermenting. It looks and smells horrible, but it tastes perfect. Success!
I don't even notice anymore.... sigh
I know it's such a conflicting character. Now I'm thinking about it!
Me too! > : I want a reason to use my passport this year ... Other than "I misplaced my license and I desire a beverage..."
What? Your job doesn't involve extensively googling the cast of Pretty Little Liars? You must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.
if time is all we lost. I'll try it!
Lmfao we're not! Nobody fucks with us anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The DMV is the worst place ever, there's so many people here
Then come the lights shining on you from above. You are a performer. You forget all you learned,~ Shirley Maclaine
I only threw 75 pitches an my arm felt like it wasnt connected to my body the next day. Going to throw again and see where im at.
THE DEVIL IS WORKING.....BUT IMA FIRE DAT BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!!!!
#votegrahambgt follow me :D
Mine started "decharging" even while plugged in. It limped along for a few months, but it just came to a halt too.
I was watching that earlier with Bryz. he said "Why not make Save by whistle? it save lot of goal team get on me"
New wipers make all the difference.
My mind has been blown. Lilly wrote the song "Alfie" about her brother Alfie Allen... who plays Theon Greyjoy on Game of Thrones!
haha true... stupid wet sock from tyhe damn ice bag
you're gonna totally dominate your ultra. Let the training take over - and keep me posted, I want to cheer you on :)
I can't sit here being Christopher Hitchens to a community of nitwits all my life.
why not?
Money Saving Tip #58: Consolidate your student loans.
Baron need to retire he is done
just hope I can keep up with you - set up a #phd daily-writing tracking document and weekly check-ins
This time im serious, goodnight!!!
I'm so glad!! Is there a way to interact with them?
aye what can I say Just like the old song goes "baby I got what you need";) hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;)xo
every day I hang out with my nephew seems like the best day. ;)
her mom didnt kill her. She has been cleared.
this bout to be incredible 2013 need to hurry up so we can hear that!
If you don't know who the Taliban is but you know who Kim Kardashian is, you're doing it wrong.
Beth is cool
or actually see you this weekend @
City Recess SWAG Party happening now
I know right? #immature RT : who the fuck are you? putting their shit out their? You don't know them
love you boo bear <3
I would be remiss if I didn&#39;t wish you all a Happy St. Patrick&#39;s Day!
"what did he just say?!?" "idk but I think he just pulled out a beer and a feathered hat while saying it"
What an awesome event that was.. long live the SweatStock
Thank You Danny. Yes, it's a wonderful story!
Text ECON6 to 86677 to vote for us in #SCAA people's choice
Your welcome(:
Either way, they make the walk to campus much easier.
You're just influential about everything important, but we knew that already :)
non much, being black.keeping it real in these streets. wassup wit u?
that loser choked :lol7:
Mellow Wednesday at home, catching up on some sports; Lakers, Kings both playing. Let's go LA!
Spend more time being happy, making moments and less time arguing
Yes, long, boring winters to blame...
One of my favorite bball players of all time : Reggie Miller ! <3
Seconded! RT “: thank you 49ers for keeping my home playoff dreams alive!” // this.
Barely on my laptop anymore since I got my tablet. My mother said I should give it to my sister... Hahahahaha ... NO.
I don't 'wish' for anything. I work for fairness and decency and civility. Threats of an America you fear is nonsense.
Part-time faith is like having a part-time job; it won't support you and you can't make a living off of it for long.
why do you do this to yourself? Just stop watching like I did after Jennifer Hudson lost.
Wow. Just read that Carroll Shelby passed away. Sad, and end of an era in motoring. RIP.
Natalie, I hope you and your agency is doing well. Perhaps I will offer my acting/modeling workshop for your talent soon.
In this world we created, in this place that we live
Love this ampersand list!! Thanks for sharing.
yess same here i am verry sadd ): but lets keep tryinq hope he follows us very soon. #StandGRAND!
At the #poweratl2012 event
So true.
four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay. If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is.
Miscommunication for the Masses! That's what's on #TV. Have a good one!
“You have to look at yourself objectively... Face your handicaps, don’t try to hide them. Instead, develop something else.” Audrey Hepburn
Always LOVE watching #SharkTank, sad I missed it tonight. Thank goodness for the internet :)
HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> AND TWO OF MY FAVS...
Preseason and regular season are two very different things. Luke will need to be physically and mentally tough.
maca smoothies with banana, almond milk, and raw almond butter are the best!
omg Austin in so sorry, I'm crying, I can't believe this....there is no words to explain how sad&sorry I am 4u
Dylan's back!
#funnyasfuck after that outfit sandusky is regreting the wrong group of people-gays wouldnt have told on him
15hrs + 1 night stranded. RT : Who set the record for longest drive home from Vegas this weekend?? RT w ur time. Winner get ...
Thanks so much!
Prelude NYC holds on at number one for favorite festival........
Musical word of the day: a bene placito - up to the performer
i feel invisible):
What's the job? :)
DAMMIT. I always forget to change the date on my twitter name. This shit is too irrelevent, I should just change my name to June 19th..
his inability to control this message shows he's way out of his league at an elite hoops school like Wisconsin
You're not talking about porn, I presume.
Lets be honest. A better question for your waiter to ask when hes taking your drink order around kids is how many cokes will there be?
In too deep, can't think about giving it up But i never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
lol u made a good choice to b inlove with one of the most powerfull woman in the world
haha well he's not having a M&G and I'm not gonna stak him...ill be stalking BTR hehehe
I was so happy when i saw someday at christmas<333 omg your adorable lil voice<3 thanks for the album<33
June 2. Graduation is June 12.
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.Vince Lombardi
So glad to hear it! We're giving out re-usable shopping bags to the first 1000 members - you can pick it up on your first visit!
Illegal Aliens...oh I'm sorry undocumented Democrats=are votes for Democrats, its that simple
it would definitely be pushing it!!
thats wussup. who you working with?
Body feeling banged & struggling in math
hha yeaah!shes sweet! and aah me too.you have no idea.me and the girl are raising money for him to come to our bday party<3
Im doing great I just made a puzzle out my ghostbusters shirt, i made no edges so it'll be really hard, thinking about giving
there are rumors lakers want raymond and we want blake out there, I retweeted link which you probley have.
you not gonna slap NOBODY
Twitter is just a brain with 300 million random thoughts streaming all at once.
Its wasnt even me! ahaha PRANK DIAL! :)
Oh, it's National Pie Day and I ate a slice of pie instead of dinner. My timing is great, unless it is Pi Day and I was supposed to eat 3.14
Awe thanks! it was fun!
I should have stayed in bed today.
Phil and Keegan Nail birdie puts. Bill has to regroup now!
what's that
I play next year I got hurt and sat out this year
This week, I'm getting it all the way together: writing, running & reading the Word.
That seems like a more relevant anecdote if anything, right?
Sounds great! Let me know when you are in town. :-)
moca is open tonight free
Love Kale & roasted Kale soo crispy. Such a Superfood! RT : I'm addicted to kale!! it's so good and amazing for u!!!
congrats! You definitely deserve it!
No electricity O.o for 5 hours O.o No TV for 5hrs O.o no
We Ain't Goinn Steady :P
Its me hazelleyezzz :)
Question posed by coworker: Shouldn't we be tweeting our ?s to instead of speaking them?
Thank you Syd!:') Not as stunning as you though!(:
Thanks for the mutual follow! :-)
haha dope, what were you producing on?
Thx, Stacey. Already having a ball.
Loves funny cops. He made my night :)
Whisper my favorite words: "I'll buy it for you."
Tools like make it easy to stagger your social media posts.
Rob Lowe is now tweeting that he knows what is being said on the 18-minute gap accidentally erased by Rose Mary Woods. Get me rewrite!
Woke up with a stiff neck :(
haha so am I. But 4 days until the show \m/
First tweet! Excited to get my culinary knowledge and nutrition education working together as I start trying out Cincinnati's best eats!!!
Yay! is my 2000th follower! Thanks for the follow! Love that you're an environmentally-friendly farm!
- cool, see you then.
podcast experience. Waiver wires segment.
Happy Friday! Have awonderful weekend!
Today's Get Energized tip: When possible, wash clothes in cold water.
One of the beauties of #entrepreneurship is the ability it gives each of us to fulfill our own unique potential!
thanks for following((:
i'm not goin' school tomorrow , idk if i can take it if somethin' happens and i'm not there to support my daddy ): please pray for him .
I'm so glad u made it out James! Thank u so much:) RT": I'm at about to check out heat up the stage"
This is 100% true actually RT : /phillies'd RT : Bases loaded 0 outs you HAVE to get more than 1 run. HAVE TO.
Look better then any girl u date with no makeup on and pit bull?? That's ur girlfriend haha but hey u had to get what u could get lol
Taking my baby bro to stock up on some J's & clothes. :)
sounds awkward.
Missing flamenco class tonight because I'm on the beach - a valid reason right? See you soon!
They don't look like their locked in their houses? Or are you saying I'm suppose to see that as my life? Cuz that won't happen
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Mad Men drinking tonight...sip for sip with the show's characters. Any guesses how many episodes we'll make it through?
Yes I do agree it was wild. But a win is a win.
thats what I love to hear!!!
Westwood Studios Dune II was an inspiration growing up, esp the AI and gameplay. But more people know Nike of course...
¡¡I LOVE YOU LADY GAGA FOREVER AND EVER!!
awe thank you :) and elaina I def did meet him before!!
That is just the true..!! really awesome movie...!! wee have the same likes :)) in movies and music
Maureen Choi, violinist extraordinaire rocking tune "Sunny" from her recently Maureen Choi Quartet release is rockin'! Check this CD out.
I'm getting breakfast ha ha
Looking for a Romantic Night with your Sweetheart?? We still have a couple whirlpool suites left for this weekend!! Call today 317-578-1200
You should come to Orlando cause us Floridians know how to have fun! c;
idk I thought if u was under 18 u had to have somebodii over 21 :/ but ion kno !
Never take action when you are angry.
I LOVE YOU <U+2665>.<U+2665> Follow back please!!!!! SNOOKI YOU ARE GREAT! Love watching #JerseyShore just to see you u.u
That was the hardest yet the sweetest walk yet - 8.3 miles... #WalkAcrossAmerica June 5 leaving NY - LA for
nice tweets, lady!
Good crowd & good match to start off the show. I'm loving #ExtremeRules so far.
Thanks for the RT. Might you make it out tomorrow night?
Pretty sure brain just exploded from working very hard w/awesome colleague from UCLA, stay tuned for great #mlanet12 resource soon!
u remember me right
my room smell like gain and loud
Happy Saturday Beautiful People! Partied hard last night so I'm laying low today. My first time watching rugby and I like it - XavierLT.com
your coming home tomorrow?
Well, first, I'm not sure I'd agree. I've heard many critiques that European arts world is stagnant b/c of lack of incentives.
That was so amazing! Ahh, love it!! <3
From the 'Most Interesting Shows on TV' file: American Experience - The construction of Hoover Dam on KPBS. (!)
I hate when im listening to pandoria and it just cut off like what the truck!!!..
Looking forward to matching wits with on the racquetball court.
I'm being such a dick to Chad lol.
except the Kindle. and Word.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Ive noticed more often than not, people, including myself, know what to do but have trouble on the how to do.
Going to see my bitchess ;-*
Congratulations on the hiring of Hilda Kouvelis as your new Chief Accounting Officer, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
My moms been out of town since my birthday... she needs to come home I cant handle these crazy bitches anymore
Time to Start Editing My PacMan Blog!!! yay!!!
#school #libraries not included in hearing? Why? Good schools need good libraries!
Suarez: Going to a museum should be an act of consent where you agree to be a stranger no longer to your fellow citizens!
follow my original account and direct msg me your email , i will send it for you :) #Cenation all the way
better be glad I don't know her whereabouts I would have been made a house call:-(
Devon Energy Earns $393 Million in First-Quarter 2012; Oil Production Increases 26 Percent
Happy 3rd Anniversary to HEALEO on Capitol Hill! Congrats and thank you for providing another organic healthy option to Seattleites :D
- if u do end up getting 1 out of there & into ur car, let us know. That'd be a gr8 tale 2 hear & be pretty darn cool.
yeah :) That's a great gift!
RIP Dick Clark
Just went walking on my lunch and it felt great. A brotha was feeling kind of sluggish.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.
I just want to be happy again.
Thanks for the shout-out!
STFU LOOK AT YOURS PRECIOUS HOCKEY PLAYER
heck ya. that sounds delicious! Make mine a double, lol
When girls text you first >>>>><
Attention SPFHF members.. annual meeting July 12, 2012 at Summit Brewing on Montreal Circle. Details to follow
On the way to an interview. Apologetic stranger on elvatr, timidly: Excuse me, so sorry to bother you, bt it seems yr sweater is insideout.
me too! As much as I say I dont mind wakin up it takes me forever to get outta bed! Lol
do work bubba
I really wish there was more to my life than heartbreak and disappointment...
John Carter (2012). Directed by Andrew Stanton. First time watch. 2/4
Thanks for the tip. ": follow to start"
): i will miss you dearly.
Said hi to today :b shyest!!!;b <3
well convince ur friends! It's goin 2 b lots of fun
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you can't stop thinking about.. <3
So excited to see you back, ... !!
This white dude just educated me on comedian Dick Gregory
it wasn't bad when i looked at it.. 14 miles or less.. that's easy on a bike. :)
Ah bummer. Yeah things are well. I was just hoping to see you before you got super crazy shooting your pilot!
You obviously have a wonderful daughter and I imagine it is going to be an amazing journey watching her grow. Enjoy!
You sound so sexy when your not talking ;)
well thanks !! So glad I could help
Good morning everyone!
Can't sleep. Sniffing my hair and it smells like heaven.
I can't wait till I can drive.
I'm scared that you didn't get my twitlonger for the contest for NYC tickets, did you get it? Jw. D:
Kinda wanna know !
Haha, you're making me blush, thank you!
i wanna blow him well he blows trees (:
Bag of money is similar to a trash bag, so
good morning
#JonezBestBet of the night: load up on Denver -2.5. George Karl is undefeated lifetime at home in playoff game 6's.
Not now, Mat -- giving a talk.
random: i've seen the cutest infographics lately.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 18
hopefully this time out Seth will have a clean run. Thanks!!! Long night ahead for but they'll shine.
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
And anything you think we could do with IGHN, I would love, love, love. You guys do, after all, rule.
I feel like I take this a step further. I act out the video in my apartment sans cute boy...
Darrell what are you up to these days?
#ifidiedtommorow id want to take all of my possessions money clothes toys games computer and give it to a kid with cancer
alphas is a great show, hope it has a long run!!!
aye that is to dope!
For shame, North Carolina. SHAME.
like what?
are you a fan of Tracy Morgan?
Where are you located dude?
She can afford the good meth now
You are worthy only to be mocked by the words of error. From Explanations of the Ninety-Five Theses, pg. 175 of Luther's Works, Vol. 31
Is it fine to sit in a chair or lie down if sitting on floor is not possible due to back injury?
There's a nine-year-old with cancer, and all he wants is to trend on Twitter. Make it happen.
wow hahahahahhaha i love him
Now we just need an API that would allow artists to add tracks directly from their drupal or wordpress site.
Canada's on now, Czech later, Sweden tonight. A++
whats going on
MIGHTY MPIYA!!!! CHECK US OUT!!! GOOGLE US!!! YOUNG PHAT!!
I was hungry tho....bout to hop in my bed and go nite nite. Work in the am
I believe their inability to contain TCU's passing game caused them to lose
is on tweet limit and know cuz this is herD: omfg I hate this!!!! How long does it last??):
if only it was actually toasty. So much is mush.
Where the fuck are the tour dates?
Haha yep! & lol yeah, it's fine... I actually do this all the time. :p
The car crash that is the Jets is now an interstate pile up. Dear Mr Hess, I know your dead but please come back
Pretty boy Brady or little Peyton? Doesn't matter who you like as long as you
DC celebrity sightings this wkend: Gingrich and Scalia at 's Werther last night, Jose Andres at Dupont Circ. farmers market this am
So kind of you to mention. Thanks for the shout out :)
What a boring game.. think i'll go poke dead things with a stick.
Got a iPhone for Easter
in that case, I would like to fight both of you.
this partygirl is gonna turn up the tunes and dance! wanna watch me wriggle & writhe? tell me your fav sexy song and lets get down'n'dirty!
haha! I know - I saw that. Hilarious.
I rise again i am a blessed man thank you
I love you too!!!
GREEN MANSIONS 1959, one of the few Audrey Hepburn films I haven't seen in its entirety. Love 2 find it on-line someplace.
I get to go too woohoo !!!! Go g men
hopefully it wont
The "g" on google looks really kinky today in honor of the long departed Keith Haring.
my sister criticized me when I told her a few years ago that I wanted to learn to mix,...
Think my beloved Florida Keys have leapt into hurricane season early. This rain has got to stop.
Watching #greysanatomy with :)
working out chest today I think ill do a max gourmet shake with some px7030 and a little nitroext
I hope all the ppl I followed follow me back.....
Oh man!!! Thanks for the update last night!
omg.. my favorite
WOULD LOVE FOR YOU TO SUPPORT OUR NATURAL HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE(COMPLETE LENGTH) WE ADVERTISE WITH FM 98 WJLB 3135222307
#STAR #astrology order of importance in rendering chart interpretation: first sign, then planet, the house
The day newspapers abandon slow, cumbersome proprietary CMS's is the day you will see me dance in the streets
Less than 1" of snow at Comanche / Louisiana. Streets and driveways are clear and dry.
We have SO much catching up to do -- what's your weekend looking like?
Yay! I close too
I really really really love you guys!! I can't wait to see you in the summer! Especially Logan Henderson!! <3
All candidates, equally? That's crazy. I don't support that, and I'm a county chair. All should get some support.
Great visit with Miles Davis! During our visit, heard feedback from one of his customers who really likes the new Roy Seaman Storm!
I don't know what Nagra st49s are, but my former landlord on Vashon was a prop master for "the wonder years". So much cool junk.
I tweeted you the other day asking if you could text Lindsay for me
i hate the almost sick feeling.
When the car parked outside the house is worth more than the house you might be in a bad neighborhood - bartender at Ruth Chris
Pathos with a punch
RT If you've been a fan of for over a year! <3
Loving your website and the little talky guy. Too cute.
We're done with our first 1/3rd at Aztalan state park. About one minute ahead of schedule. Annie took over with the rest of the team.
thank you for the FF !
the orphan or the magician?
Wish I was goin to the beach party with my cheese penis roommates. Instead I'm freezing my nuts off in chicago.
Me too. RT I love everything about
New comment on the site: "Lay off the meth Jason, it's making your reviews ramble and yaw like garbage spewing from the mouth of a child."
Hank wears a wedding ring
event planning company names
omg im so ashaemd
Daughter is on first day of week long 50 mi hike on a part of Appalachian Trail. Sent text message. Modern-day version of postcard from home
Insane leglise blubber talk=Obama
I don't do african boys , they crazy lol .
Finally It's Friday
stop stealing jokes
Found my keys!
#RT for a
Black Veil Brides music is helping me through everything right now.
well said RT: : Great game you made us proud. This team did alot and has alot to look forward to next season.
I need a job doe!
we gone fight lol
Tieland is pretty cool!
Guess I'm in the house for tonight
Caguioa May Miss Semifinal Series
anyone but Kentucky plz
Thanks for the love!
Oh, hey, Internet, I didn't know it was 11.11.11 until you told me. Thanks for telling me 82 times so far today.
Why is McDonald's coffee always burnt? Every time i try it, it's burnt. I cant be just me.
I got an 8 o' clock appointment with God's word......
How can you hate Grace Potter?
It's hot AF
I won't eat any more M&Ms today. It will take massive self-control but I can do it because I'm STRONG (and I've already eaten all of them )
Great news on multi-million mis-spending by Tarrant Cty officials. Way to expose!!! Dale Parker
#SWFL place to be this weekend — catch me downtown at for some #cracker , #BBbann for #wicked #BBQ &
Aw! He hugged me today!! :D #FutureBoyfriend :)
so i just got my school programed in my laptop so i can do it wihile iam on tour now im homed schooled starting tommorow
Fun stuff! Hope your holidays have been good ones!
This is my first time using Twitter on my computer. I've always used my iPod..very different.
Does anyone have the .gif of Spongebob licking Nicki Minaj's ass?
Attn. California Genealogical Society members: group photo today :45 p.m. at registration
ancient Egyptian art is one of my favorites. they did all that with their hands and it's absolutely beautiful
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
hi there. I just wanna let you know that you're the luckiest girl in the world. Treat him right please (: best of luck!
Jayson Nix? RT : I can't tell who is up, all the boos. Wonder who on the #Yankees that would be?
Best freebie of the day... t-shirt from the
My brother, hah. Um, he's a sea man whose deeply lost and at sea, I fear. He's lovely, though. But he's not Ed.
YO GIRL, turn your skrillex down. it's not even 8 AM.
heres a ??. if Pats lose. how big is their window for another title?
/// YEZZIRR! RT : chopped it up w/ today. #thelasthope is in the fullest effect. stay tuned..
Im just going to go home and sleep.
After '99 UCL final, I would not have expected ManU to LOSE a title on 2 stoppage time goals, to say the least!
I feel all washed up.
little tired, but i'm fine :)) what's new???
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> precious cargo
Learning today about a professor's research into bone and hair analysis. This should make for some intersting stories somewhere...
I ain't sayin you a hoe But damn bitch, you a hoe
There's a guy on my train who sounds exactly like Cleveland from Family Guy. Am trying not to giggle.
follow and RT and u may win!RT : hello i would like to know what are we supposed to do to win the wonderful cd?
First day of work and I'm already employee of the month.
awww! thank you so much for listening to it!! aw!
On land, yes. But most of the earth's surface is ocean, where blue is considerably more common.
I think Smackdown is overrated, the matches are very predictable, too much talking and in the end, the faces always win
Yahoo! paid 4 firms a total of $160,000 for lobbying in first part of 2012
#madison Louder. Good gestures, posture, poised. but LOUDER. There's a lot of drama in the content you can use.
Goals are dreams with deadlines
it's not fair that I sit here and think about you and You sit there thinking about her..
Well, on the eve of opening weekend, I have to say the DW12 looks pretty damn cool.
Vancouver is a beautiful, safe, friendly and peaceful city with excellent citizens. Last night was a set-up.
Thanks Greg! RT Thx for your outstanding support of students ! Great event last night
love that place
byes are spread for fantasy football and betting.
It's Sophie Level's birthday! remember when you, KJ, and I uses to talk about her on xbox? lol
Ok, so my myspace life is officially over...received a friend request from my mom.
Thanks Paul - love the remix!
me either .... I'm jamming away though. Come help me and I'll go help u!
No one is ever so powerful or successful that they don't appreciate a sincere compliment.
Austin,Tx. Geisha Room Tonight.
yo that track that ya boy liked is available. Plus I found a spot right on Barry Rd...thought I forgot??
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
Can't. I have a bunch of grading to do tonight. Anyone working anywhere tonight?
New appreciation for a good restaurant management. I've seen a place absolutely fall apart in about 3 weeks when the manager left.
This is it ! It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !!
She is the most amazing girl in the world! She makes me so happy! (:
oh ok. Well u enjoy your hoop session lol
well lucky him!
to follow me..
You didn't hear the vocal performance...
S/O to one of the dopest most unique skateboarders of all time. Watching you skate is truly inspiring brother.
what's that face mean ??
It's raining in buffalo
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile just by saying your name... :)
thanks now I can stop constantly refreshing my email lol
#UCBLA had another hilarious Maude show last night. The Get Go and Oh Brother rocked it. Plus: I love their music choices between scenes.
It all comes down to this.. I miss your morning kiss
both of the ones i'm part of are boring coins ones. one on the RIC project in the linked data/ancient world session
young wild and free, best song
When someone says they have your back, it often means "turn around so I can stab you" What happened to loyalty and ethics!
make sure to check out and
Saw Avengers. Great movie It was the blue eyes, right? My wife said she'd bail me for him too. Wtf? I'm taller..
2 more days till weekend! Yay! Shit... what am I gonna wear?
Soft raking flames of morning light illuminate ancient palempest of human life scribed into the manuscript of this green land.
today is going by so slow
Gap,Gap,Gap= God Answers Prayers!
Nail broke im like depressed now......
You poor bastard. Oh, and hi!
Don't forget it's Meat Lover's Wednesday tomorrow! A pound of meat for $8.99 just for being awesome :)
Lady bug, or lady bird, always was a bird person myself
Listening to the Carter 2 by Lil Wayne through West Virginia
lmao a punch phone!?
my kwyboard is broken
someone pull a hill with mee
HAS RETURNED!
nO He did not
We're on it:) It was such a blast to meet Akevy!
ha you're welcome lovely <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thanks D. Hope all is well with you!
that girl gotta moo moo stains!
I'm just gonna go out with Danielle tonight. We will have a girl's night. Maybe go to the movies. Can't wait to hear ur story
Candy withdraws.! </3
Who wears heels to go shopping?
Also at the Fair on Thursday, Passport photos!!!! If you don't already have yours come get your Passport Photo taken, Special 2 for $5.
People need to know that do their thing!! Well done fellas, well done.
the free market has already priced healthy alternatives out of reach for most.
That's an unfair and unnecessary question. Dirk clearly has the best hair.
Pretentious coffee sounds great. Tuesday or Thursday best for me. Let me know!
After watching that cheap hot on #Hossa, I'm about ready to put my pads back on & beat that worthless Coyote's ass myself!
Sure is, best breed and only breed I've ever owned. Chesty just turned 6.
#WhenImAlone I think about how it used to be <3
Get out.
CAN'T WAIT UNTILL SEP.20th.METH COMING I'M TALKING ABOUT BARRVIN GAYE,ROTHA VANDROSS,OR ANY OTHER NAMES THAT BOY COME WITH I FUCKS WITH.
": One week from today #KingsIsland begins its 40th anniversary season!"
The concert was amazing.
If you're ever in Los Feliz go to Cap n' Cork liquor store. 10 freezer cases full of the best selection of craft beer I've ever encountered.
I get ANGRY. Karma will get even for me. lol
It's on the bulletin board in my apartment building.
I'M SORRY.
Enjoying a few seconds of R&R before rejoining the fray of hundreds of noobs in Manhattan
Inhale love, exhale hate.
RT : What's up with your #FitFriday?
“: ": Please make your long stories shorter..." this tweet reminds me of you lol” - haha "ur exhausting"
I honestly don't care how short I am, but good try to make fun of me, I aplaud you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Hope solo is effinn gorgeous ! She's so hot ! Go team USA
busy day. Gearing up to kick ass and take names ;-)
#jayholladay suffocate if I couldn't say it to your face the song says it all
thanks Lauren!
RT : Are you coming to for dinner tonight to see ?! #SobeWff Grand Tasting...
Here's a brief video update regarding our goodwill mission in Guatemala to work with
love you baby girl :D <33
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee.
Came to dance, came to play, (living that disco life) :D
Just ate a thing of brocolli n it was yucky
Advertisement appears now!
Oh my...Aztecs win...5-1...can you say top 25??? They deserve it...go Aztecs!!!
Save $5 on Indy Jazz Fest Tickets at Central Indiana Marsh Supermarkets. Indy Jazz Fest could sell out this year.
#amreading "Real Unreal: Best American Fantasy Vol. 3". Good imaginative stuff.
I was doubting the pres' love for pope but I think he really does love her so we'll have to see how this plays out.
Only those who have the passion for playing can truly succeed as game testers
L0L!!! I am awesome. Those Hooligans and Ice Holes won't ever know what hit em.
where is that?
how on earth can you cancel GCB? why don't you give them a better time slot? Like where desperate housewives was?
Taking a break from job searching getting ready for #FameCandy event....
I thought a flash drive was when you drove by someone and showed them your dick
Kennedy re: lack of mental health providers. Rural areas are short on them. People get help every few months instead of few days
you were def with me!
#youknoyoughettowhen every color ever made is on yo finger nails while you wearin a pink, purple, and orange dress with white and pink shoes
"We are gonna keep coming at these guys...trust me...guns blazing every game" Rick Carlisle
nice seeing at the SAT yesterday
": Gmorning." How bout them Coyotes...NOT!! JK...
your teeth might not make it but at least your apartment will smell good :)
Pictures from the Sex and the City II Event will be up in a few, stay tuned.
Wish that I could steal away for a while...
Love how you fucking ignored me.
you too doll, I'm tryin to be a good jewish boy..yeah that ain't happenin.. ;)
samesies! don't want to spoil it all at once - want to savor the goodness.
Got to see my son ' band Your Last Decent rock with Honour Crest (WV) at Sonar last night. Great show
Lol at these kids talking about how selling weed is so hard and annoying. Try selling fucking coke and then come talk to me.
dude Ur ripped u do any personal training
If either team gets someone to 3rd, it should count as a run. That's the only way either of these teams will score.
Moshcam Puts Thousands of Concerts On your iPhone
I also find data curation
add to the tour
i can't stop listening to vampire weekend lol
How'd the consult go?
cause it ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
Here starts a whole new adventure…whew!
Cause you are married now and family has a whole new meaning.
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Not enough!
I'm on that #Psychadlic Funk Tip 2day...feeling #damngood about everything that's happening with JenoLo 5 days till
RT God is GOOD everyday ««« indeed
Happy St. Patrick's Day - if the drinking holiday isn't your thing, Pintxo is your respite! Drop by for tapas and sangria!
That annoying ass feeling when your hair on your legs begin to grow back <<
We'll be right back after this short union break...
ok will do
Tsunami warning for Hawaii. Two meter wave expected to hit a little after 3:00 AM.
Dear GetGlue: Uh-oh.
You get to see that Francisco meltdown?
#NBAChamp The #Bulls beat the #Thunder in an epic 7-game series.
please dunk on #Lebrick James.
Bitches saw the movie without me SOFT
Haberdashery is a dying art.
just like they Relay. Can't beat americans so they find away to sceme "usa stepped on the line". Loll
Was due to arrive BOS c. 1640. At this rate, that's when we'll board here in CLT.
i don't have to please everybody
lol im making myself look desperate meanwhile you keep going from girl to girl, LMFAO GET REAL BITCH
Eli has an amazing match up and probably will have to throw even more without Bradshaw, start him with confidence
omfg. dead at mos wanted crew. let me love you.
Mastering some singles today. CD & DVD short-runs on the agenda to.
Bouncers checkin my individual cigs in the pack in my pocket & I move my real IDs from my other pocket 2 my sleeve
This was the tweet that made me follow you many months ago. Very funny.
Doing some tallying. I've got at least 9 videos of from 's Round. There's still time! Fax me your videos!
ditto on not knowing anyone who owns a Revolution Money card.
Great weekend birthday treat--La Nouba. My kids are the best.
need to read....will i? prolly not
Ignorance and servitude and poor social priorities cost more. Worth every penny I say to call out those who are screwing us!
thanks for adding me to your list!
RT : Tee hee! (Throwing down the gauntlet.)
Never Once Have I Said I Dont Care, But He Has, Smh, Cool Beans
ordering a lot of printer ink there my friend.
#WFUD12 It's a common misconception that attribution is the keystone of fair use. Not irrelevant to the analysis, but hardly determinative.
lmfao what class was it?
follow the these boys too they #liveaf-----.>
you donate a lot of tweets yeah?
wow. Can't compete with that. It's finals week here. Then, summer sessions starts. New position begins July 1.
Trade proposal: Chris Johnson/Jay Cutler for Beanie Wells/Cam Newton. Stupid or smart?
I'm simply twitterpated today . . .that's all!
Don't worii, it's okay :) RT sorii that was just #random lol
Can someone introduce me to a #graphic designer
Almost back to the windmills!
Gorgeous, gorgeous day! Love walking to work on days like this
I love you cuzzooo
Cadillac, Mini and Ford are accentuating the stick shift in ads in response to consumer interest in cars that drive more like sports cars.
We are currently having issues with 500 internal server error. Sorry for the inconvenience
I've the best reward system ever: If I get in A in the 1 college class I'm taking- I'm buying myself a flashing toothbrush.
Doing our big interview of Oscar right now. Sure to be the soul of the film!
Oh.my.goodness.The Great Gatsby - w/ and - this world is finally starting to make sense...can't wait!
You got lucky..lol..
“: Next week is My last week of school and feels like its taking forever.” congratulations ;)
Congrats to our partners for adding a new sponsor to their roster: International Autos! Exciting news.
We're caught in an inescapable network of mutuality tied in a single garment of destiny.
We understand yesterday was Fat Tuesday...but how does that differ from today (Fat Wednesday) or tomorrow (Fat Thursday).
your as cold as ice ...
Awesome day! More jewelry making. Caught up with DVR. Finished a book. Winter closet. Made pumpkin black bean soup. Still in my pjs!!!
HaPpY BiRtHdAy Beautiful!
NM news tonight is full of losers, violent crime, death, crashes, & birds??? I quit...
New York Knicks need to rid themselves of Toney Douglas. Dude is a BUM
Tip: If logged in, you can create a Twitter list of any FollowEDU Interest page using the "Create List" button.
I want to see Chicago's software written in Python 3.
Hey your work out partner from good 'ol Eau Claire (Bon Iver) is representing #WisconsinCelebs on tonight's grammys
is making a Thai curry w/ potatoes, spinach, leeks, & coconut milk. Perfect for this weather.
<U+25BA> You can't use a pitchfork to unload a truckload of bowling balls.
Sun. June 5th writers reading: Wynne Renz, Patrick O'Neil, Stacy Gnall, and James Brown. The Good Luck Bar. Doors open 7pm. See you there!
He should be... he was in the damn movie!
What's your #1 driving accessory? I HAVE to have sunglasses!
After the Karateka remake, of course.
Home Sales for May – Los Feliz Ledger
its raining and my baby is sick, but God never puts more on us than we can bare. #blessed anyhow!
ok I'll try for an hour I'm still in bed (:
Im pretty sure last night was the best ever..
Candy flower arrangements are great for any occasion. Give me a call at 608-838-8749
Could you move weather alert up or over - we can't see bball score!
We just might have to stop by ;)
Eleven (11) days until the annual celebration of NASCAR Day! Let me know if you need a limited edition, collectible 2012 NASCAR Day pin! :)
OMG you made me laugh.. But wait.. it gets even worse..
Thanks for the follow Niall
Happy Birthday shout out to Good show tonight, brother!
Great Review!
Cooking dinner for my wife..baked pork chops rice/w carrots..need another side yall..help! green beans or spinach?
when you see a mention and dont know what to say....hm how do i say it nicely?
But I'm so sleepy! Maybe I'll just sleep longer and dream about trains some more... z
CONGRATULATIONS!!! I can't wait for the album and then a tour. You Guys deserve it.
nigga I'm at home high af alone . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> come thru with my sissayyyy!!
Should be awesome!
Let me know if you'll be at ERA's #D2C2011 conference in Las Vegas next month. I would love to meet up.
You shouldn't criticize what you can't understand tho
Aye what's up? Are y'all good this afternoon? Well I hope you are :) c'ya later my dimples .•_____•. :)
Watching Terrence Jones rebound strong is one of my favorite things. Cats rolling now up 17-10.
had a great time with tonight. He always keeps me updated on all the new tech info. Hope he has a good time at #nlcp10 in FL
headed home with thai take-out, redbox rentals and a super-sized bottle of wine.
Easter wif yo seeeesta...what are you doing today?! I kinda wanna shop :) ..even though I have hw and no $ #senioritis <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Thank you sosososooo much <3 your awesome ! please tell your followers to do the same!<3
Your first shot tix is coming up in a couple of minutes w/
wow, that's not a good idea.
u made yo decision u ain't gotta keep talking to me, im good wit one less nigga in my circle. im pretty sure u will be too
I just saw you...
RT : Thank god for getting all these bananas. W/o them I'd be forced to eat non-gorilla kosher.
cheer up buttercup! :)
yea I'm home
looking for a good strawberry dessert
The rainy weather in #Milwaukee makes me appreciate the hamster tube/ skywalks
Bath or shower...
Nice TV cameo tonight Best of luck in your upcoming competition.
Are You Gunna Miss When He Moves To Miami?
me & the bathroom have became closer than ever lately
my email had ideas for vacation related posts, but if you've got something else in mind, feel free!! :)
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY RT :
You don't deserve any of the hate that you have gotten it's beyond crazy! Btw your son is adorable!
bruins I LOVE YOUU!
OMG ikr? if she doesnt tell her mom i swear i will
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 5
Orange County #1 for search word #SeoOrangeCounty "Upfront Consultants"
“: Too much to do in life, with so little time.. & pointless drama is the last thing I need right now.”Amen<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
psh I still don't even know what spotify is
Thanks for the like, Wendy Heniken Cooper! We look forward to working with you!
Dont hate on it waz an honest mistake you might think tht icant say tht cuz im new but i hppnd to me befor no hate plzz
3G connection drains faster than wifi
I'll start my play calling now. It's all good. “: What is going on Packers!?”
Weather predictions for TX is frigid arctic air next week. Weathermen have been talking about this for over wk. Sure hope they're wrong.
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked. Tillie Olsen
mick and dolly awesome!!!!!!!!!
Visit our Pop Up Chef for some corned beef sandwiches on the corner of 999 Peachtree from 11-2 today!
I'm glad is asking panel about how do we talk about deeply held private beliefs in the public sphere.
"Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie" will premiere May 17th. Interview request, please contact
follow me back !
ha ha we were talking about Real Housewives of New Jersey and having a throwdown with the spoiled biatches
Wrapping my head around pointers and arrays in #C. Fascinating stuff!
Get your ass ready to shake!!!
:) good luck Madeline!
We Need to Boycott the Whole season, if there's one....
HOPE NOW Reports 74K Loan Mods in January, Focuses on Military
I work 2-4 then I'm staying for a while to eat there
Wishing Everyone a Great Thanksgiving!
at bogarts kicked ass last night! Great times!
I meant I can't follow anymore people-Twitter sets limits...so I need to get me some more followers!
I finished my dayjob project with the Defense Dept today! Just believe me when I say this has been bane o' my existence for a year.
hope ur on today again! <3
i'm just foolin' ;)
99% of the time I have NO FUCKS to give....especially when people are mad or upset with me...but one thing I will do is reconcile
please come true </3
go to sleeeeeeppp
ok ill confirm with you in a few days.
There we go boys!!! #WhiteSox take that &
hahaha right? Just wait till this weekend
Why is it every time I talk to you words don't come easy, but then you walk away and I know exactly what to say?
one word to describe today: homosexual.
Raleigh Radon is now a LEED Green Associate!
Just sent in my "Eva The Bartender script" cant wait to hear the feedback! Worked hard on what my feedback was last time!
Panelists are testifying on "Changing Norms Within Families, Communities, and Systems."
Are there any other Idol must sees?
Today's BTU inspiration: "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." ~e.e. cummings
#Thanks to all those that made the first week of #ChicagoSoupCompany a success - we completely sold out of all product this week!!
Doesn't it hurt to see me now? #sucksforyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#oomf -- One Of My Followers
writing 1st correspondence of hopefully many 2 my new jail boo- what font should I use? Need one that says sexy dangerous but not desperate.
I mention that our print culture textbook has a chapter on Harry Potter. Two students high-five over the head of a student who facepalms.
I will be watching on tv. Good luck tonight. Hope it's as good as last night #neverdisappoint :)
Went and saw Breaking Dawn. #lovedit it was everything and more . #nobadmoments #breakingdawn ! Kellan Lutz made it even better though. :)
HOW MUCH FOR A FEATURE? DM ME.
good thing i don't have to watch this thing any more.
Thank you!
": How did Pam feel on Sunday?? She got here Derby on early!" She felt...poorly
It's International Jazz Day! Learn a fact about a jazz musician, song, or style. Share it and tag it #JazzDay &
Car accident: Sept. 7, 2011. Excruciating back pain: today.
Captital Hilton DC security guard told us (3 friends talking) to quiet down because of noise complaint. At 10 pm. On a Friday night. wtf
Hey folks. I just woke up. What day is it? Seriously! The last thing I remember I was chasing a leprechaun down Kirkwood...
YES! I will play that for you just before 9pm...cool?
Stay tuned for upcoming youtube videos and footage. "Street Ink" tv. Tattin` people up hardbody.
: Thank you!! You just made my day! :)
wild right?
I'm not saying it wouldn't work, but I don't know how we would ever sign anyone again.
dammmnnnn why it gotta rain oh well im ready for that rain sex #Random Thought
working my store orders and shipping packages and about to clean out those that dontfollow back what r you doing
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. ~ Lao Tzu
Not to worry. I figured that out later.
Just got a "see you in 12 hours" email from my mom. So glad she's visiting for a long weekend!
i complain about people a lot but i really do love my friends. they make me laugh just when i need to and i feel at ease talking to them. <3
Planted some native wildflowers around the compound this morning. Now to the workshop for something a little more manly.
it seems that, after a few hundred years of mutants, humans would become the subservient species.
Landed in SLC
it's raining and thunderstorms are coming... time to write some new music.
Many thanks to and for helping us throw a great Talent Appreciation Party last night!
time to let loose!! happy hour all day until 7pm Capital Down plays live See you here
I don't mind this time it doesn't matter Xx
$4 Nude Vodka and Jeramiah Weed on Wednesday's
: Sushi Pizza with tuna, hamachi, salmon, avocado, jalapeno emulsion, eel sauce and tempura. Swimmingly delightful! A pescatarian dream.
Welcome to Twitter ! I hope this is legit...
oh never mind just saw your other message is that the Haole one or the Filipino ?
Thanks for the shoutout! Can we visit you in studio this week?
Jerk Rubbed Piggy Coming Out of the Box!
Dang migraine knocked me out.
also the new MPC line will be available next month and the MPC Studio will be priced right around 4-5 Hundy. So I'd wait.
Consider...1: Find out WHEN projects r due. 2. Make time to VISIT while kids r in action. 3. Ask if u may view final works.
Have you had our Fried Chicken yet? Well, it's only available on Wednesdays and it's awesome!!
Ugh! The Ravens lose. Newt is soaring in the polls. 2Live Crew is reuniting. Maybe the Mayans were right about 2012.
Happy #StPatricksDay from the ! Fill up on corn beef, cabbage and boiled potatoes from #FumareMeatsDeli Sláinte!
I'm here til tomorrow. Heading to House of Blues. Roll through!
that stood there and waited for you.
won a free corn lime cookie on the bagel wheel of fortune
Riding out to MjB, She always teaching a life lesson! # So u think u know how to love a woman!!
P.S. worst #idol ever is still season 9. Crystal Bowersox was all that was worth watching and America screwed that up, too.
It was Ad Reinhardt.
hell no i'm going to heaven my future is bright
S/O tonight judging at Teen Icon down here at Municipal!!!
I think we have 6 right now. Shoot me a text after class. Maybe meet you before.
Looking for a contract web analyst with Atlas experience for a quick project next week. Is that you? @ me?
and #bowerypresents are making my night!
Hey, thanks for the follow!
making closets sexy. Hard to do
in #AlexanderWang bondage. F**k ya gon' do?
Read your blog post today too, I hope today finds you blessed and your struggle rewarded with victory! God bless you!
yeah we did! Lol! I love DD too! He lived in my neighborhood when I lived back in GB! Great guy, great family man!
WE ARE HIRING! We are looking for servers and a friendly greeter/host. Stop in to fill out an application! 277 W Nationwide BLVD! please RT!
yes. rip it off and get some big-ass band-aids.
Them tacos were good >.<
"I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite."
hey #fairtrade & #handmade lovers get a pair of guie flats,perfect for this spring! 8 last pairs of this collection help us get rid of them!
what if you take your name out of it, so you're paying it forward to the others in the tweet, do I still lose karma?
Thanks for mention. You would have been the ideal student for that class!
Yvonne Openshaw (Mariludil) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
“: I'd like to see younger pictures of Holly Rowe. It's hard to see her ever being cute.” she looked like a
"and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered." - Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows
Thanks for sharing your creative process & in-house toolkit to design the new logo. It enlightened our audience!
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
Looking forward to tonights social media workshop!
Heard a white guy say, "brotha from anotha motha" today and now I want to hide forever.
lol I'm not chill I'm dumb wild n I be going crazy 4 nuttin I'm weird but I guess :P hahah k
Fuckin hate cats
RT Bc they got Bojangles!! RT Preparing food for Charlotte. Why change diet when u go to the meet?
Day dreaming about winning the megamillions #feeling-lucky?
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me<3 wish to meet him oneday
Oh and One more thing 's #CoastToCoast Comes out tomorrow woohoo #PreOrdered :D
really Santorum. he just came out of nowhere and is relevant now after all this time in obscurity. will see after Iowa
FORCE FED FOR JUSTICE, DOWN YOUR FUCKING <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>THROAT
I meant with words. not actions.
Picture day and I have really bad razor burn.
secret :D
are you teasing us crystal?
thanks so much! God bless!
Only if you smuggle in pupusas that I can eat under the table.
#ImThatPersonWho tells it like it is . fck all that ' well , if , & but '
it's never too late!!
I wish. I'm pretty sure the non-compete stuff only lasted a year. Too bad I'm a decent sort of fellow.
whoa mama. Language. Talk like a lady!
LALakers losing vs. the Thunders...LA were really better b4
Lucky RT : Omg! Randy Orton's working out at my gym! <3333 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Seriously OSU is on some dumb shit. The area they set up is small as fuck. Should've just had it at Park of roses. Lol
This morning's fast run courtesy of my vanity, which compelled me to pace ahead of the young, fit guy I overtook at the start.
North Carolina's uniforms are straight
thats sweet...thank you:-) Happy vday to you!
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup. 10-2 rain or shine.
hi and thanks for the RT!
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world. -Kaiser Wilhelm
“: Yes!!! I am in a place in Vancouver filled with APU peeps... #feelingold” I like to think of it as being
Follow us and get more follower as we are following back at same time
I hate you #InternetExplorer7. Still 13% of our browser base... All I have to say is using zoom:1; to fix display:inline-block; IS RETARDED.
My boyfriend works to support me "/ ain't that'a shame!
no donuts for you gerald
SHE THINK SHE CAN SING LOL
#FF (other Compacts):
Heading to San Antonio Wednesday :-)... Any suggestions?
Best Chinese Food In The USA, well at least our followers say so.. Come On In For Lunch Today www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
So cool! GOAL!!!
“The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.” B. B. King
It was a STEAL at buffalo. $35.
I can't wait to go to sleep then get up tomorrow home alone -_-
miss you too!!!
The reader gave it 4/5. Which now gives THE END GAMES 4.67/5 on Goodreads. Which, FWIW, is kinda neat.
A man don't text me talkin bout some how much u got and you only plan on buyin a gram-___-
but what the heck send me an invite :)
good how are you !?
Ira Glass getting a lot of props on
that's sweet...they make the best friends ever they love u unconditionally...they listen to u and they dnt talk back....
Thanks for the follow
I was telling my coworkers today about Disney characters and you Chip and Dale and how they teach you to do autographs...
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 40
To sit in traffic and look at the ocean or to not sit in traffic and look at hillsides. These are the dilemmas that haunt me.
I need to see that picture.
Every time I see the slanted window roof at Sony Studios I fight the urge to slide down it. Has that been done? Would just need potato sack
Lols ask Logan
Captain America is walking by the office outside my window.
come back to the city
Minister of Public Safety Highlights Online Tools for Emergency Preparedness Week - MarketWatch (press release)
where? “: Drugs<3”
Isla fisher and Amanda seyfried both pretaped the seven at MTV. Sorry fans
ha we love you too lady
Lost my wallet, like really?
fair enough.
<- This girl is very stoked! ": Say WHAT?! Our new record "Close the Distance" come out August 14th?!!!! Who's stoked?!"
tonight theme is #SweetTooth on
tonight!!! Bout to laugh my ass off.
have a safe and wonderful trip!
How about U of I guy Brian Cook?....only MUCH worse RT : I'm thinking more Josh McRoberts
On my way home..
Bellafitness09- changing the world one beautiful person at a time. Website coming soon!
I am
Extreme nausea is exactly what I needed in my life today :\
I'm curious. What does the word "e-cycling" mean to you?
this at least makes sure that they at least start interviewing to get their name out there.
We'll put it up on the podcast 98pxy.com. ty for listening
Let's Go Cotto!!!
Either the Tupac hologram was an incarnation of FX artist,or this is Machiavelli's/2Pac's gradual reincarnation, and was filmed in realtime
thank you! you as well!
RT : Marc Staal. Because It's The Cup.
lol just tried to bribe my history class with cupcakes. i hope they vote for my team.lol
I hear you talking about me . _-_
This weight on her small body, frail shoulders, she is worn. Awake 3 times in one hour to care for her infant father. Love repays its debt.
Hey babe :) How was your day? MarchingBand7Days <U+2665>
Good ole forts!
One of my close friends is gone in a blink of an eye. RIP Brandon. You will be miss and won't be forgotten. :'(
Brief Candles, Gospel Gossip, Scrimshaw, and Pony Trash- tonight at 9:30 at Cactus!
i need food. Now. Im dying. Slowly.
RT : Thank you Chelsea
Phone interview for newspaper article about a movie I wrote, acted in and produced. . . CHECK! :)
I hate my life. Seriously.
are you going? Looks pretty bad ass. :-)
Good Luck! I hope you get it ; )
Congrats Emily Fagan of , named Outstanding New Member at the Awards!
Fourth time in a row I take my grandma out to lunch and we order the exact same thing.
Sadly no. But I need to start playing it.
It's amazing how athletic QB's are becoming too. Top 3 QB's can all run under 4.6 40's. NFL is constantly evolving.
I wanted to go so bad!
I skip mine according to who it is lol. I always read yours :3
Had a great time hanging out with fellow Spectrum Scholars last night. Now to get ready for first 8am session.
alright guys now im leaving oh yea follow me i follow back anyways
“: KOrton returns to Den w/ chance to knock Broncos out of playoffs.”
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.<U+0094> ~ Zig Ziglar
How do you mend a broken heart?
Rep. Lanning says tacking on $50 million to #Vikes share is a hard bargain but that's as far as committee can go. No more time for talks
8 delays & 4 gate changes later...
I agree!! They were awesome!!
Mornin,.I won tickets off channel 99.5 to see u in Novi Mi but u didn't show up.What happen??It was a great club.
Creed, huh? Obviously its bar close.
i'm going to be so pissed if i can't get my license tomorrow...
#nowplaying Chucho Valdes "Solo Piano", one of his best albums in my humble opinion. Set gives a full perspective of this Cuban piano legend
I like your face, sike
Did you find the pot o'gold Danny? :)
Just realized that the Kentucky Derby falls on Cinco de Mayo. Margaritas or mint juleps?
So, good first week? :)
Hi my name is Kyia and i'm addicted to ice!
stopped by the train while sitting on the bus...
I love for so many different reasons. mostly b/c they're true blue.
No, but seriously, I think that, in general, skin bleaching seems more dangrous than tanning. Both aren't permanent.
The Silk Tie likes the Big Red Comic! Need a sweet tie? thesilktie.com
so is your Twitter account 0wned, or is this a joke I'm not following?
Received nice card from John & Patsey of Jacksonville, FL. Thank you Patsey. Posted content on facebook if interested.
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
Awesome, happy driving! RT taking one DT to pull permits! Such an easy way to commute & the free parking is a bonus
check out the #Europa Wrap up show tonight at 8pm est
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." Enjoy your monday everyone!
Per Ann, Mitt is really "wild & crazy" Especially when he dances on his Krugerrands!
50 more invite codes just sent out!
Skinny is back
I would send them, but I know that it's just not enough. My words are cold and flat, and you deserve more than that.
Gretchen can cut 500 pounds of USDA Grade A beef and make it to the ashram by 6:00y night. She's a real superstar.
Leave it to me to mess up my bosses email! Ah
Million man march.
I'd like to think there will be a big tour before too long! Working up new songs now, and there's a new EP on iTunes!
party outfit almost complete! Just waiting for my to arrive and I will be ready to party! #papercutmayhem !
Now that's the kind of story I like. Visited in 76' and you brought back memories. Keep it up.
I'm gonna be saying hello to as many people as I can today in honor of the day of silence. Interesting research technique lol
Client just completed a demo. IT group vetoed it. Asked me to bird-dog others. Will pass along any specific feedback I get.
haha was that a rap ???????????????????? Hahaha stick to Rock or whatever shit you listen to
girl come on! You are always welcome!
hey Sharon :) sounds like U r having a fun day:) enjoy! be safe :)!
still cant move my hips......
In relationships i only want 3 things Eyes that wont cry Lips that wont lie & Love that wont die...
Yeah buddy!!!
hm doesn't answer the question.
- i'm standing behind you [/creepy whisper]
I wish!
I love your paintings. I've seen them in person in Laguna Beach and in NYC.
RT via Don't give attention to haters, here or anywhere. You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
Nomophobia, the fear of being without a cell phone, is the most common phobia.
99.94% of the time he is. This was the 0.06% he isn't.
dm me back
some of my friends and I could not get into a party together. I thought it's from MW3 but this happens on BO as well
Very excited that the KC Regional Leaders roster is almost full! Welcome to the new folks!
Thinking too damn hard my fucking head hurts like hell :( ouch!!
I also surf Flickr or blogs for inspiration and then pin from there so I can remember it visually. Q1
you are too Damn funny. And for that, I am following you on here. :)
NY has a serious love affair with
Thanksgiving break! whoop whoop! :D
We can make you something. Please email Gabrielle to discuss.
The Princess Diaries <3
Kobe is a monster....quit calling him old already, he doesn't look old to me
Proud of see you back on the east coast!
just working and chillin same shit my sis had her baby how u been
Those photos were taken pre Blue Ivy.
Love that feeling on the Amtrak when the bathroom door not only doesn't lock, but slides open...while you're peeing.
Getting written up is like, shitty.
As now he is hitting Aguero?!?!
Thank You! RT Thinking While Black: 13-yr-old Jada Williams & "... Life of Frederick Douglass' to Black Education
just bring the ones he has please:)
the superfans will b at the ball park john, look for us.
The Tigers offense has been very disappointing since opening weekend
muttafuxkin right my pockets feeln kinda tight
Yes in East Walnut Hills
SOMEONE SERIOUSLY NEEDS TO TELL ME WHAT'S HAPPENING OMG
Go Big, Young Friends - GW
thanks for the tweet! enjoyed attending
Props to for apparently having *already* reached out w/possible job openings to the reporter Gannett fired b/c of his blog.
Tired of using people yet?
If you have aches, pains or old injuries you're going to love tomorrow's deal! We're already psyched about it :)
Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today! Big ups! New Episode up soon!
Knicks #nbaplayoffs + Rangers #NHL... doest it get better for a Saturday. Maybe #goblue football?!?
I don't get it I would hate to think I tricked them They fall victim to my system Guess I sure know how to pick them
Are we still talking about Teen Wolf? And if not, can we?
#CodyToWisconsin ... if you live in wisconsin lets get it trending! wisconsin misses you! I LOVE YOU CODYYYY! <3 143
Thanks Lian! I would give them 2 you lived nearer lol :( Love you Twin sis
Awh Justin makes usher feel old becuz he teases about his phone & how slow he types awh poor usher lol Justin is such a teaser lol :D
the only word i have for after tht text is
Sorry for the strange messages today! It appears we were hacked and hopefully the problem is fixed now! They were not us!!
cause Thor is a stud... Fact.
- well im off this ' taco bell here i come lol :)
Look for reporters & as they hit the streets covering #OccupyMilwaukee today
I'm still writing in other environments, and I try to milk my alone time in the office lol but it drains my mental!
we just got to the hotel. Me and are in lobby sitting in front of elevators.
Channing Tatum is so fine in #21JumpStreet This movie is hilarious.
Oral hist + archival recs reveal hist, dispel myths, and reinforce beliefs of lost black neighborhood in PDX
Are you mooning people again? :x
To the herculean gentleman who just spiked a 90 lb. dumbbell like a football and yelled "RAGHHH!!!" at the top of his lungs: you win, OKAY?!
Note to self: pale pink nail polish makes your pasty hands look even more corpse-like.
heyy um u on?
RIP Steve Jobs thank you for your brilliance and contribution to our society you'll be missed
lol late as usual
just walking dogs. There is so mug construction it is not cool.
Double overtime! Let's go Hoyas
Had my first Chinese massage yesterday. My body felt years lighter!
U may think im dumb but then i prove u wrong and say something mind blowing Cheergirl<333
Having a great time at the school's annual celebration!
He may as well start saying it, because that perfectly describes the Utah game.
I've seen them 4 times & they're awesome. Going again on Sunday.
Eating at the commodore is like mcdonalds meets KFC meets tiki bar.
Here at the OLC Northwest Chapter conference. Presenting after lunch on "Fine-tuning Facebook."
TURNT UP @ SILVER SPOON
I love this weather, it makes me want to go to the lake RT if u think the same!
Shuffle board > Nascar
Management is not the same as engagement. Human beings do not engage by being managed. ~
« I'll be here for the bad jus like I'm here for the good»
Fixed up my resume just a tad bit.. Looks way better though
2 MINUTES TILL YOUR BDYYYYYY IN EAST COAST
Coco did that last weekend for you :( I'll be home tomorrow so he'll be fine <3
I swear, I love you but sometimes you drive me insane.
Forgot to buy tickets for tonight and now I hate myself. Drowning my sorrows in tostadas.
Popcorn should be advertised with the message: "Pop Responsibly". The long lasting smell of burnt popcorn is unpleasant to the nose!
lucchese boots on sale on line or in store,,,call for prices,561-684-7331
Vacationing this summer? Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
Junior Seau dead... NFL lost one of the best linebackers ever to play the game
Tell me, idk
in such a good mood. just wish class didn't have to ruin it.
Appreciate you including me. Thanks.
is watching #ThePrestige. love me some #ChristianBale. over/under 30 minutes before i fall asleep?
who did you take this week?
Another day at Nutridge High.
The dude working at the deli just asked me if I wanted the regular. When I said yes he gave me three lollipops. #thatswhatimtalkingabout!
which is a really good reason.
RT : OK, I'll admit...had a great time at Company this afternoon.
Freddie Mercury Hologram? Queen Shrugs
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by the #tornado in the south.
according to a certain caller uk should go ahead n retire Pete Maravich's jersey even though he didn't play for uk. thoughts?
Knew hs teacher yrs ago who told me horror stories of good kids being dumped because they were inconvenient.
My thoughts go out to #Japan after suffering from such a powerful natural disaster. Stay strong.
I will build pyramids where ever I go, I will touch hearts and I will start fires. I will eat this life alive.
You all look so beautiful! Kelly, I didn't recognize joust first. Gorgeous!
Will be back in Bordeaux in May. I truly love this place for the wine of course, but everything else too. Fantastic!
Guys follow my friend <3
That's what I thought! They hosted a safety seminar in Feb. Need to work on the group. 6 or 7 balloons flew Sat. morning in ATX.
michael you really need to go to bed and wake up again! cause you're not fun :p
what kind of guests are you looking for?
hey call me on that one number
RT : July continues to be a great month for racing! We still have discounted deals exclusively on our facebook page so you...
I'm up, damn it. What do you want?? :p
Talk about an opening line RT I just need to figure out where to stick that serial cable on my MBP.
Always be happy because you never know who's falling in love with your smile. <3
The fact that Wheaton has been practicing since indoor and DAT has yet to do a speed session makes a bit of a diff.
Soluti: where are the stories from post-Challenger shuttle era? Can we get back in contact w the sublime?
hahaha awe! did you fan girl?
We won’t fall Flat on service, we’ll walk on Eggshells! I see you Semi Glossed over that comment!
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
That's unfortunate
Thank you for the follow. Wishing you blessings for a wonderful 2012. Thank you for being a #changeagent for peace and oneness.
So happy it's Friday. I get one more hour of sleep this weekend, too :)
haha o gosh i can totally see my bro doing tht to me haha
I wish you the best of luck!
Anyone interested in investing in education in Angola?
Oh shit! Lost a follower! Lol
messed the tendons up in one of my fingers playing in a sand volleyball tournament yesterday
Hope this shorty is here for tomorrow :o
#fml! my back!!!! I can barely move. My phone is lagging now :c
I'm not speaking negatively about a player for making correct decisions. Won't change my mind on that one. Doesn't make sense to me.
Old is old hombre, the movie isn't trying to change your opinion, it's meant to make you aware. Up to you if you wana care
... What else is it used for, anyways?
Attending great #python class from #pystar #PhillyPUG at #devnuts.. Great group of supportive instructors & students. Well organized too.
congrats n good choice. My city! Stay off Door st. Lol. Good luck.
I really don't like having to root for the Patriots. It makes me feel kinda' dirty.
BiPolarMoment: Remembering yesterday when I was so smart I expected God to ask me for advice. He didn't. Now I'm depressed.
Come out tonight to 12th and Porter and catch Kink Ador with Go Back To The Zoo and Justin Kaulk Orchestra! Good times!
and the founder of Engineers w/o Borders both at #TedxMileHigh. www.tedxmilehigh.eventbrite.com
be kind. no exceptions.
omg no! i would definitely have nothing to live for! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
i dont know if he is #1 at his own position in the SEC...
Gonna find my baby gonna hold her tight gonna grab some afternoon delight
So...Do you think I will be able to catch a wave today
Big things just went down. Even bigger things are about to smack PGH in 2012 and beyond.
Starting this Valentine's Day by leaving mine for a few days. :(
Did FB happen? RT : Speaking of #hologramnabors I think the only way we're going to make this work is Facebook group
Sure. What's your fancy?
I have 3D glasses, I usually carry them on me in the event I stumble upon multi dimensional awesomeness :-)
Yes! she really has come a long way.
Spread the word. Maria is looking for peeps who like romance bks, dogs, & gardening. Lonely on Twitter. I barely know anyone.
Is it wrong that I live in the south and I don't say "y'all"? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT: Every person deserves some one who makes them smile & laugh at their worst moments. We all deserve something better.
For the record, you have to go to here. Been solid all year. Have complete confidence in him.
not only that but you have 13 million followers now!! YAYY <13!
Any teachers using pinterest? If so - what are you using it for?
No there were a lot of Swank people! Also some frenchies
RT “: When the library is important to your faculty, they make it important to their students #cildc”
Greetings from Yiwu China!
What is wrong with folk now, I mean U talk 2 them in real life & they log on 2 Facebook & dry snitch the conversation & sequence of events!
I showed love because you gave love but now I see :( #2TearsInABucketFuckIt..Im not even mad jus
The new Sigur Rós reminds me a lot of their first album, Von.
cause I wont tell her something. *Laughs a little and blushes lightly*
Shout Out To For Shutting It Down At My School MLK Tonight And For Giving The Download For The "Produce Section" My New Fav DJ Foreal
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
Been such a boring day.. Btw when's that snow comin??
Hey do me a follow!!! I follow all your friends. :-)
But you never know a special guy might change my way of thinking
sorry I'm just never gonna talk to you again, for a while. I screwed up everything between us:(
SA bar reports that Richard Goldstone secretly supported apartheid! (Once his reputation is destroyed, I'll retract this spurious report)
cjskakxnskndkwkddb i cant even type normally anymore
Shout out to my 100th follower
Christian Louboutin Belle 85mm Ankle Boots Leopard Print zappos ...
The #Wonderlic test we took was an 8 minute, on-line version. There were 30 questions. I answered 22 before time Ran out. Not sure % correct
bruh fuck that team shit im doin me an yall can slowly watch yourself get played by a real boss
are you on this side of town?
She Real tho
Wish you were at #BALLE2012 conference!
or at least get a straw to slurp it up.
Happy Leprechauns to all
Ive been wanting to read more books, but twitter is like reading a book every day.
Just saw you on SC, looking good. How'd you like that drive to Eugene? :)
No. 1: Need to watch more chick flicks so I can win more shower games. No. 2: Excited to see & reminisce on homeschool projects!!
Thanks for the RT's, guys! Really appreciate it. :)
I hope you still have tickets left. It would be a great treat to go!
he's so annoying
RT : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
#oomf is an amazing christian dude who's song #boyfriend is just as amazing and his name rhymes with bustin fevers ;) hehe
They seriously should be related though!
I received Malice of Fortune! I'll send you a review/post on my site as soon as I can. Thanks!
UPC, one of Ireland's largest internet providers, will not have to cut off illegal downloaders, the High Court has ruled.
Im So sorry =/ . I can message him on FB And tell him you said Hi.
because it's fun
Thoughts n' prayers to Adam Yauch's family.
RT "You can't exercise your way out of an unhealthy diet, and you can't diet your way out of an unhealthy lifestyle" KG
Today i was in time square and meet and <33 you guys made my day!! Thank u so much!! <33
I'm so bored and so hungry
is it me or are #BLUECHIPS hating on the #FACEBOOK IPO? strange to see haters in Corporate America, LOL!
“: #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [ ] #HURRY!! :))” done.
Pissed off at you.
The next show replay is Tuesday on Root Sports - I believe 5:30pm.
Nice, GLOC! RT : we need to hook up so i can co produce this! good luck to you all!
Yay watching a movie
Brad Templeton on computing security: "We are now automating both good & evil. Crime can now scale nonlinearly."
Dude. Dude. You guys. I'm like, dying for a cupcake. /munchietalk.
Tropical Storm Don turned out to be a dud here in South Texas.
#TECHmunch: Enjoy SASS during brk 2day? It's maker is bringing free bottles for u to tk hm. Tweet me if u want one! Thnx
How do you drive and tweet?
For some reason about an hour ago I cut my bangs they actually dnt look bad :p but eh :* . I'm glad I din touch the rest of my hurr ^_°
#bulls good luck tonight!
“ Which should I update for b30 first, Black Nexus or Rootz Exodus? You decide!”Black
I bet you $1,000 won't see this tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
look it up on youtube. (:
Meh & about to kill this kid for pushing us ...#bitchgonnadie ):/
Got the ingredients for my master cleanse. Was kinda disturbed that all the grocery tellers at whole foods knew exactly what I was up to.
It's your last chance to see Monsters! Tonight until Saturday! Get your tix now!! @
The #Marlins need to throw money at someone quick so people start talking about them again.
"I heard girls like to have sex to John Mayer so there is that..." - when we drinking again?
So if I have sex with a tree, is there any chance that will help me get over this awful case of cedar fever?
Thank you!
it probably doesn't start until 9 or 10
RT : There's a great deal going on around the world. Are you keeping up?
ANYTHING under the stars at Otto is classic! I also liked the Dating Game and Fear Factor...
Pints of Blue Bell Ice Cream are on sale. I need to avoid Publix...
Heading to the #StateoftheDistrict - which should be called #StateoftheState ;)
Padme looks stunning
You guys. Me and held hands. *giggles*
omg I don't even remember it was a while ago
I'd seduce him no doubt
when r u gonna do another live chat?
Ryan dunn died
This is horrible. Nuggets getting ass raped.
yes! That's awesome!
Ready for lunch. This next hour and a half may kill me!
let u fuckin bitchez bout a pimp name c..i aint payin for da pussy an my dick aint free
Happy birthday babyy ! you changed both of our lifes so much , were so proud of u congrats <3
Happy Holidays! Rehearsals start back up on Wednesday January 4th, 2012
Glad Doo is home. Miss that little poop when he's with dad. He was a Skeleton Zombie Pirate for Halloween. Waiting 4 pics. Have a good week!
I'm getting good vibes for today
ScanStation C10 Laser Failure. Anyone else having this issue?
The Pixies is good stuff!
THIS SATURDAY: Butterscotch Baby will be vending at the Indoor Urban Market held at on the 2nd flr atrium 10-3pm
"Hello ladies. Soup and salad?! That's all!?" "No, we're splitting spagetti." "That's good. You two enjoy your weekend,"
no I mean crying when you get tatted lol of course it does more painful than a tatoo
We'll always have our lobstery sunburned skin to remind us of this glorious weekend, Seattle (always = till Wednesday, then peeling)
right, cuz I would of took my person with me when I left the table!
& THAT is how you do a superhero movie! The best one ever, your move Nolan & Webb!
....you in your own head lol
The stylist today had a mustache and a beer belly. One rump roast away from being my butcher.
About to head to Charlie's with my special guest star....lol
Thanks Scott!
Thanks for the follow back and mention
March 17th, the only day of the year when everybody wants to be a ginger.
Sometimes I feel bad about eating baby Swiss. It didn't even get a chance to live a full life.
Got to the barber at 745am and I'm still looking at a 3 hr wait. Funny thing is, dude has hands so it's worth it!
Thanks for the shout-out John!
It's 6AM and our baristas are ready to serve. Stop in for $1 coffee or $1 off espresso drinks until 7AM.
RT : How do you get patients more engaged in health? Its not a single app. Its needs to be a social movement.
miamiblackKOD Official King of Diamonds Party Bus... From South Beach to KOD. Open bar for 4 hours & Limo/Bus service
Good night n bless night to u all
sounds awesome!
Pray for japan
You traveled back to 1995?
Electricians lay siege to Balfour Beatty
Relationships are like far people, most of then don't workout. Lol
Data visualization definitely seems like a Mt Everest for beginners. Did anyone suggest a good entry point?
Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd- its gonna b fantastic!
actually lives in NYC and reportedly is a Master Hostess. Make it happen!
get any fun stuff yesterday?
Thanks! (And amen.)
yeah! Keep it up !! Lets go #Pack9 :)
LOL, I'll be sure to make look very nice and clean just for you. :) Interiors, carpets, buffed, etc. #perfect ;)
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! :D
i hate bein :-x
why did you delete the salvador lens etc and then make us pay again to get them back in a new pack? I'm not pleased at all.
gotta fight em all, I suppose . . . STOP BLOWING YOUR NOSE SIR
Just got finish workin out, on top of that helpin my uncle do some yard work
You're like my favorite song On the radio, radio, radio, radio I could listen to you all day You're like a music video, video vi-vi-video
It's Good Friday just a reminder the banksare closed today.
No access to TV right now. MLB needs to get video of the second Braun HR up soon. Heard it's a bomb.
Amazing ingnorance of Americans on almost everything economic & political & how Fed'l Gov't works.
Oh, so I get a flat tire and my spare is the size of a frisbee? Sure ... Way to think Safety first smh
Lmao at the 'lipstick' my mom showed me
The white girl named Jamaica from South Africa just... Wait, what?.
what does you're tattoos say?
we condemn in others what we dislike in ourselves
The amount of studying i have to do for tomorrow is basically illegal
MG's Theron Baumann field event performer of the meet, winning shot put and discus titles.
Thanks! Today is awesome, despite the insomnia because I am INVINCIBLE!!!
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
Backordered. Damn. Guess I wasn't quick enough.
i chill like time itself got froze.
Watching the Whitney Houston episode of Glee and HOLY! I would be way happy with just on the show (: <3
Real!! Nothing smells like the real thing.
Remember to consider your "above the fold" apps carefully via
ringringring!!! hello! thanks so much for the follow!! xoxoxox
We certainly did enjoy the sun, thanks for sharing!
I want to win the
Man I Hope 8Flavors Dont Go Home!
Welcome home boys...We missed you.
when is the Pittsburgh show?
#101.5 thanks for making my morning jam ahhhmazing !!!
So many days without any real amount of sun. I'm starting feel like I'm back in Milwaukee
#BecauseofObama leftists have to fight off idiot conservatives who think neoliberal Obama is socialist, ignorance is bliss for the right
they said i had it bad , addicted to what we had"
small city , big dreams ;
Ah, there you are. Nice meeting and hanging with you @ #mw2012 !
CAU elections are here!!! Speeches and debates start today at 6 pm in T. Cole auditorium!!! Come support!!!
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry. ~ Rita Rudner
the chef rocks cuz he's my hubby
yes! i vote for a thunderstorm.
But our friends are back, So let's raise a toast
A movie we did FX for #Absentia got a nice write-up in #Fangoria issue number 311.
Great job Congratulations! Awesome tournament. Thanks for hosting.
j dawg has a problem
Report: Minn. soldier killed on duty in Afghanistan
god morning!!!!!
READ MORE!
Choosing wine over a night in Capen. Best decision I've made all semester.
Thanks so much you're the best! RT Check out this kewl, nu band They're kinda badass.
Congrats Jonathan Delman......USC says YES!
16 miles in despite some serious hills and rain. Feeling good. 2 months + 1 wk until #LakePlacid. Bring on the day
Talking about religion-"do you believe in ghandi?"
of course there's only 1 The world couldnt handle 2. That'd be awesomeness overload. :D
Hog farm, turkey farm, horse farm, puppy mill... when is a story gonna take me to the spa or the theater?
I love that song!
GOO FOLLOW ! I will give you a shoutouttt.
urrmm looks like a very interesting conversation you got there <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
no the correct answer is "WE ARE ACTUALLY ENGAGED TO MINISTER AT THE NEW DUMENSION DISTRICT MUSICAL" that's the right answer
Commit your work to the LORD, and your plans will be established. (Proverbs 16 : 3) Need I say more?
Bumming it today :) #comfy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Congratulations to all the IMM Finishers! Thank you for choosing our race. We hope you will join us next year!
#oii10 : the challenges of data opportunities from specific online sites - only looking at the better-offs.
Tailgate BASH set up; RB Kickoff Luncheon; Ducks Pep Rally at Santa Monica Pier, then a suite at 6:30 Blazers-Clips game
Push beyond the border of excellence- CROM
such a good mixtape
A Look at AboutOne&#39;s Online Family Organizer - One of the Top Products from the 2012 Consumer Electronics Show
really good at turning that knob
lol, one condition. You wear a bandana around your eyes and no peeking. :P
I decided there's people who need the #MegaMillions jackpot more than myself.. Ya know, just wanted to serve my community! You're welcome.
Pimpin ain't easy but its necessary so I'm chasing bitches like Tom chases Jerry.
Getting my run on!
rain. heels. stats. three of my favorite things.
SD3 #stpatricksfest SD in the big D
We only got one life to live
you're confusing me
#Maelstroms,#IreneAdler && #TellingFalseTime killed this show.
Mexican food. Yum.
Hey Scientists: Please find a way to breed shrimp to naturally taste like garlic.
Opportunism COMBINED with idealism? Ever hear of "The Third Stonecutter"?
i must have been the manager in that dream then!
Ain't Guna lie , I'm in love with Yelawolf n his music <3
THANK YOU Delivery Volunteers!!!!
USA! USA! After game comedy filth at www.freekshowradio.com
Watching "Mission : Impossible 3" again. As much as I love De Palma's original, Abrams' second sequel is the coolest of the trio.
You should check out a newer season with Ten. They're a little more accessible. If nothing else, watch the episode Blink.
congrats! I think that award means more than any other kind!
You are welcome- thank you both for coming. Great to meet Ed- he's working on being a great chef!
Now im startin to get a lil tired...
#animtip - go experiment & have fun, because every tip won't work for everyone.
No football till pre-season. You know you got it bad when you long for pre-season football.
Alex.. Please see the photo that i did with much love to you <3<3<3
Every damn song on the radio during this morning's wet, grey drive reminded me that my friend and former lover is leaving town this week.
aww....same to u...u the only girl that look good in Blonde!!!
In Vancouver, BC, Canada of course... RT : geh, tough... 1378 Nicola Street???
what up thou
Doesn't look good does it? NFL teams don't draft first round backups.
this weather buh-lows.
So many dreams about aliens
nope. Prob gonna check facebook.
Because it is an interesting question - the breaking point for altering historical personages and events - DvL
He isn't a 'Jewish leader'... he thinks he owns small faction in Likud. So, you think Jews shouldn't be allowed Temple Mount?
You don't know you're beautiful.
I knew i was doin somethin wrong haha RT : You can't shake a whore tree and expect an angel to fall out..
Wow Mike Wallace of 60 minutes just died.
#marketing is a harmonic use of tools to communicate. You wouldn't fix a leaky faucet with a shovel right?
By request, The Chaos Agent will be coming up in 15 minutes, right here on WSUPFL! -Crystal
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!!!!
Maybe a tweet-o-matic?
ets - harvesting songs from the universal radio station.
What a writer wants to do is not what he does. -- Jorge Luis Borges
Hearing sing Dyce to sleep melts my heart.
it's reminding me more and more of lost... and the last episode really surprised me. you?
Q3 My work has a frantic Oral History project that is trying to cover as many Austrian Holocaust survivors as possible.
recovering from computer advice giving. Contrary to the hype helping someone with their computer and ipad with the set up they really have
Ha as much as I love good music, true Jazz is not a staple in my library.
Sorry ladies, the website is being re-done - should be up and ready by tomorrow morning!! Thank-you for your patience!
Forreal I'm starving.
rocking out tonight ! Then I'm hosting the evening with the Night Dreamers!!
#PracticalSecurityTactics Vulnerability management is more than scanning. Partner with ops to facilitate remediation activities.
yeah, I'm very excited to see Mike returning. If he's anything like he was back then, he'll do great. :)
I'm the dev behind CC - let me know if you ever need anything!! I'd say it's totally worth it to sign up :)
If Seattle trades Brandon League, who is the closer? Wright? Ray?
Hey Red Sox, YOU BLEW IT!!
Just because my actions arn't good decisions doesnt mean Im a bad person. It means Im young and havin' fuun:)
And as such she deserves not to be personally attacked. Attack her position, not her personally, otherwise it's bullying.
How do you get Easter egg dye off your hands?
cc RT Love Halpern back in the lineup 4 the Caps Loved it more when I was coaching him at soccer camp in the 80's
It's a shattering experience for a civilized person to admit his troubles are nothing more than a foolish prank of the imagination. -C. Jung
I aint never met a nikka i would of made my right hands
You never miss a good thing until it's gone :(
Thanks, Jenny!
k I'll be right there..... Wherever the effff you are...?
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
Who wants to be my bestfriend On Here!!!!:D I'm in a good mood
Happy Hour starts at 4pm! Join us at Lackman for a tall cold craft brew! Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink The Lackman
Rachel Is So Talented <U+2661>
Make sure you add me on Facebook! www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
Its hard holding the camera , and everyone else puts all your fat in the shot when they take your pic for you ..
lolz #sad imma need you to go grab some honey & tea asaperz :)
its too painfull its tragic but if i say itll hurt more :(..
Salute to fa da follow I Preciate it my G!
I'm tweeting so much today. So this is what it feels like to be
Procession of Faith right now at OITP - Mozart's "March of the Priests" leading them in. Slowly.
RT : OMG just remembered seeing Miike Snow tonight too. How could I forget. I LOVE
I dunno, it could be. Hm.. I got like 5 different spirits asking me either "who is this" "who is that" or "who's there" O.o
yes it does your just retarded and don't know how to use twitter
hahaha yeah right we love it. Sure do miss you though!
I Understand...! You Are Most Welcome...We Are Here To Serve :)
#Whywelove #Taurus they love to get touchy feely -- Terry Nazon () so true
I'm definitely going to regret tweeting and texting during this.
Female vocalists FTW! ;] - Jess
Jen....I want to apologize for upsetting you. I dont like that your mad at me. Im sorry. Upset bad friend
swing by my office in waltham, we have a softball game this evening and could use some wings!
And if you all are really really lucky, I'll break out the #aasl librarians at the conference haikus I wrote last Saturday.
It's crazy here Lots of things going on Can't wait to share with you guys but we'll give you a heads up soon :)
got my taco bell. happy cinco de mayo to meeeeeh.
Big thanks to Strong Midwifery and the family maternity center. We feel very well taken care of here.
I love Comic-Con because being there makes me feel like I'm on Cloud Nine. Being there is a great experience & I love going every year
Anyone in the Madison area heard of or used General Purpose Movers? Thoughts?
#mona is not A if anything it's someone you'd never guess. I think Mona was hired to pretend to be A.
Adrienne Bailon has a new TV show on Style starting June 3rd! I can't wait!
that would be amaze balls
Dolphins are the BEST surfers.
: Sir, it's time for Congress to act on online #poker licensing. States are growing weary of waiting and will license games soon
You know how it is. The country is split evenly between the 2 parties & folks in the middle go back & forth.
Thanks Mary! My inspiration comes from everywhere - even the amazing House of Drysdale. =)
I know and no one said anything to me till it was to late :(
Lunchtime quickie, anyone?? Our lunch specials are fast and super affordable! Available 11am-4pm daily
As #Virgos come and go i This #Virgo stay on this planet till' the very END
An Artist Immortalizes His Father Max Ferguson spent decades painting hyper-realist portraits of his father around New York City, as both
#goodnighttweet Sweet dreams!
okay ya'll sorry about that. I am done with my rant. lol but anywayyyyyyss, I WANT SOME STARBUCKS!
Flat tire on the way to work this morning. Luckily I have chocolate in my desk.
went to the store today to get a magazine with you in it. You were in all of them. This is getting expensive. Lol
im just irritated af !
To bad I'm not into Mormonizism, I would love to live in UTAH!
Guess who just came off the SpaceX wait list!!!
Are you fucking kidding me NBC?
computer? or...
I do, bunch of varieties at various generations.
occupy small businesses today
wow delpo acted like that. I am going to watch match on dvr. Did fed start yet
in cases like that, I look at what they funded in the past, & have informal chat w/ sponsor and share my idea. might help?
Stephanie Meyer has officially convinced me that every girl deserves to be Bella and have vampires and wolves fight over her.
this rain fucking up my hustle!
Of course he thought about that. And if he didn't, everyone in government around him did. He has advisors. He's not stupid.
Bryce Harper has a F'ing cannon.
Did you find your lost thing on 6th? Try the area they call "dirty 6th"
Omar will be in Milwaukee today
for my hazel eyes, can u suggest a pretty eyeshadow pallette that will enhance my eye color?
Fav this if you got an iPhone.
For sure. : This is the kind of injury that makes me realize online poker should be LEGAL
#TTOT That's a good one too.
Just skyped with
awesome. I kind of had a feeling that might happen.
Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
Turkey Tacos, Bill Frisell, and writing some new music. This is my Friday night.
producing Xtc bridge 4 she's got the falsetto voice she didn't know she had!? Chorus left to do.
you gotta have Faith
Yhea-huh.Is the evil guy's sidekick a bat?
negroe's 40+ still wearing fitted, timms as their only wardrobe is just sad
"Feels like: 120 degrees" thanks, phone.... I couldn't guess by the fact that my face is melting off!
Justin to the rescue???
Q10. Most unique travel "potty stop" experience...
Dylan holland is just great.<3
Going Green Shouldn't put you in the red! Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning at 206-414-1039 for all your green cleaning needs!
I gained over 20 followers today... ._. That's a record for me. I love you guys! :D
Thanks to all who follow me!!!
-> RT : If you call your teammates out, you better step up as well!
u coming or what?
Beat the heat with our soft serve ice cream and magical shell. Come in for Late Night Happy Hour from 10:00PM-11:00PM!
great. Just bought my ticket! See you there.
We love having you as a member! :) RT : Finally got my facial done! I love being a member!
LOVE how strong the Skins have been on turnovers this season!!!
Ron Paul is the man. Why don't democrats for not chilling with this mangsta?
lockout better not dragout
what channel is it on
Figuring out how to get to WBC? MARTA is sMARTA. Hop on to Arts Center Station and grab the free shuttle. Easy!
happy birthday! (: <3
but if they start telling us the truth then where will all of the wannabe Groupon writers go?
#KNICKS vs #HEAT at 7 #RANGERS vs #CAPITALS at 730 where are you rooting on your #NYC teams tonight? is where its at!
aight pussy cat. Why tf r we talkin on twitter righ now?
trust us really soon.. Its a secret so keep your eyes peeled
I'm so glad!.. I learned alot that night , esp how narrow I have been. :-) will be going live this afternoon
I'm in #NYC today to share news of with #opera colleagues
Roads are nasty.... =longer commute, =need for morning coffee even more so than usual;) show tweet for 50%off any drink before noon 1/12/11
The day my mom makes a twitter is the day i will die....
I am starting to sell handmade fabric-covered notebook.I can send you sample pictures, if you are interested. Thanks! ;)
If i could i would fuck this weather its perfect i love it!!!!
it all depends because I'm grown but I take my small children trick or treating and i get dressed with them every year.
RT : Wacky home cleaning tips GO!
Finally looks like winter outside.
Don't understand why when your working & you wake up your nackerd but when its your day off you wake up at the same time & your not tired.
We live by faith!
LMFAO! RT : "Hey I just fucked you and this is crazy delete my number and keep the baby." Lmao only on youtube!
#theaddamsfamily movie is on....classic!
Ahh...I love the end of the day when I can put my feet up and sip some vino.
Did you churn butter at the Frontier Culture Museum? That's where the conference is
Eating Akashi with the two most important girls in my life.
nice i m loving these aggressive dunks
Dude. Loved the "what is strategy?" post. Excellent stuff. Hope you're well, sir.
Wasn't it 80 degrees just a day or so ago? ROC weather is crazy!! I've been to Stone Mtn. but it was a while ago. It's cool.
If I'm able to touch one person every single day, I'll be happy!!
On Clinton's hand: studium shouts, punctum wounds. Punctum is the spark of contingency. A little hole in the surface. Her hand is not this.
Why choose just one and oversimplify? RT Did Shelley identify with the monster, #Frankenstein or Elizabeth?
Jalen Rose just straightened out Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith mite have fueled the fire between him and AI again!!!!!
Yes she is!
I Want To Give You Some Love...#BobMarley!
Really wishes would follow me. I know does too!:P
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
This is my 1st time experiencing someone in my family giving birth out 17 nieces & nephews...
Amazing! I've been waiting!
ABC has pulled together an astoundingly irritating group of douchebags to do its #OTRC interviews & commentary.
So your family is just a bunch of hot bitches then....
You know what I miss?
u need to go back to school go google it lmao u learn more when u have to research
Great day of training and gym sessions now home and eating! Than bed than get up and do it again!(:
Five Spice Powder: Used in Chinese cooking, 5 ground spices - cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise & szechuan pprcrn.
Weird weather today in #abq. Feel like I'm in the twilight zone.
so excited getting an iphone this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
Oh, I shouldn't and I wouldn't. There is a 15 year old girl living inside of me.
Thank you for the RT!
"good friends: you can count them on one hand"
Tweet Me Maybe ? ILY <U+2661> U Are Everything To Me
at the #pantages theater last night was absolutely amazing! A magical
Still no #Braun post on #ESPN lets go great sports leader!! If it was a Yankee they would be all over it.
I will report any recommendations. Nothing yet. Testing the power of Twitter.
I really need there to be more #Sherlock episodes.
Lil Wayne's rock solid case for being pro-life: "BUT if you abort your baby, you could be denying the world a future beautician!"
Ew Buzz please refrain from licking your weiner while your sitting on my lap. Go lick Reno now.
It's so awesome reading all the #311cruise tweets and pictures. Wish I was there!
haha yes one of 2 things happened my gps was incorrect or the other which i prefer is im now the Flash and can rum at light speed
u sexC though....
loving austin.
Eating french toast with my co worker..talking politics....no gossip shit.
thanks! sent him an email.
Absolutely. What we see is students working together in chosen environments. A pretty nifty benefit of cloud.
Why isn't it summer yet ?
Lesson 1: Don't send kids up lifts to battle 40 mph winds.
Very true -- which is why the MVP vote is so subjective, worthless and not worth using to debate all-time greatness.
Boys Fighting For The Ball! Funny moment caught
i am<3
J Roberts asks whether any part of your case is about racial profiling? US says it is not.
Ighttt. Its a plan. I'll text you tomorrow. & we'll figure it out! (:
Obama attack on Supreme Court is an attack on the rule of law.
Might make it a movie night since bad weather is expected to hit later on.
RT : and Dr. Morrison wins NV Taxpayers Assoc's Good Government Award. Congrats!
S/O to new follower
Good morning
I'll do anything to see you smile
hey! we're new to this whole Twitter thing. You seem like you know what you're doing. Any suggestions on who we should follow?
Coming up on the show, will join Troy to talk about tonight's game 5 of #KnicksvsHeat in Miami.
Oh, I'm thinking Good Night Moon or maybe Love You Forever.
#schoolmemories so many vant name them all
hm m
Baked a cake for my mom. Then made a shit ton of corn-bread.
Standard stuff from #arsenalfc today. A lot of passes between defenders, lack of creativity and individual brilliance going forward.
we know that Gorgasm is living in a spec house illegally and has put it on the market, he's jealous it seems
is dead still.
Sullinger, meet Payne.
i am baking them too!!!! with a little bit of butter on top.
There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's greed#Mohandas K. Gandhi
Going to MIRAGE on valley hi dr and 410 for Playmate Jens Birthday?
I'd do anything to dance again.
has the best costumer's thanks for your support on facebook about our in "best men's clothing"!!!
Morgan Spurlock On Why He Stayed Behind The Camera For Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope
Portable mammography? What an odd profession...
Damn, won't be able to watch 's Ustreamm tonight. Could someone record it for me please?
hate being broke when you want something
#pens keep it alive
i want a boyfriend so badly im lonely
I enjoy the term "nyugga." It's a somehow hilarious exaggeration of a classic racial slur.
My wife got me a copy of your CD "Hurry Home" for Christmas. got me to your music. Thanks for signing it too!
break a leg Brian!
If your getting read to be a senior & stil riding the bus !
my wife she asked me what was wrong with her eyebrows...awesome
I want u to put a braid in my hair!!!!
diving into Wed Anderson's films today. starting off with The Darjeeling Limited's short film 'Hotel Chevalier'
#WTF Kid Next Door still exist o.o
Paul Martin MUST be benched in game 2, Niskanen in. Sickening.
Yes I read that. What a wasted life.
Let's get high & cuddle.
We tipped off 's Scoops Carroll to the story of a streaker. Scoops delivers the man himself NEXT! 222-6000
Wireless on Copley Lawn approved/ready by Spring '12, double-sided printing 5 cents/page - Kevin Murphy, Interim CIO
you found it you cray stalker (:
- No bad. Will inbox you mailo. Night.
OJ is what happened to the grizzlies. Fucking free throws and OJ
yea I know I can't wait!! You comin along right?! ;)
Thanks, following, #dogood #donate be a #changeagent!
i would like to understand this.......
#WeLoveYouWhitney you will truly be missed
Admit it, we all feel cool when we walk around the mall with tons of shopping bags in our arms.
Wats up wit facebook and the miley cyrus post i bet its another virus
#truth RT I swear I ain't never seen the Nword as much as I do HERE on the damn web....
Ice Cream Sandwich, yummy goodness for your phone and tablet, get the scoop
Awesome! Look forward to meeting you guys!
Booking flights to Europe for a wedding later this year. So stoked.
Make sure Firefighters don't have to crash your Thanksgiving: Never wear loose-fitting clothing that can catch fire while you’re cooking!
its that PNW Weather My Man...Quick Recovery1
Just so gone and it was really good!
RT : Hahaha 's Harry Potter jokes are hysterical!
Got to vent and it felt good .
Guys~ If You think you look good in your profile picture, because your giving the camera the death stare? You. Look. Constipated.
Lmaoo RT ": RT : YOU EVER GET A WIFF OF A GIRLS ASS DURING SEX AN AINT NOTHING GONNA STOP YOU? • <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"
Happy Happy Birthday to You!! Miss u Friend!
“: awesome!” I'm so excited that Brandi and Dana retreated my rap about the RHOBH! Letsclaireify.blogspot.com
Ha! check it out: RT : Working on another story with Johnny Gannon. He knows everything
happy fuckin' birthday!
My 606th tweet goes out to just because She's amazing c: I love her :3
You're here?
I would hate to look in the mirror all the time & see you.
I looked up my people in Wikipedia lately, after mentioned it. Recent edits had sanitized; you can guess what I exclaimed.
bring me back a Hurricane!
Guys, there's a totally cute new barista at the Copper Cup. this one is mine!!
I've missed speaking with you. c:
Congrats on the win and making it to the playoffs
People of Distinction
Kobe can't be touched in the clutch
i know sorry baby! <33 but i had to work :{
Definitely - increase the take-away ability. "What can you do tomorrow" instead of "What could we possibly do"
oh, and thanks for reading!
Thanks for the vote! Always looking to provide a great cup of coffee to you!
Yea lol i usually get em but not this one im puzzled :/ RT : RT Wtf is oomf??? -- are you serious? Lol
1 step at a time for this n00b .. fb is doin it for me atm
RETWEET if Austin means the world to you.
Trustees are asking me what #dayofdh is all about. Does somebody have a Prezi?
I have a drive time tonight:(
are we talking creepy old guy trying to start an Odin chant or Chris Holmes chugging vodka in a pool next to his mom?
Grapefruit juice the best though
That's part of the problem: they're turning it into a "singles" market. What about the days when people WANTED to album cuts?
Hey DK the Fall Floor Feedback survey comes out today! Check your email and let us know how we are doing!
I see you are using the term "thought piece" liberally. Nothing here that we haven't seen 1M times before, yet libraries persist.
ive abandoned twitter cause ive abandoed my touch screen :/
final touches on clumps for #OMPF ATL and HOLY CRAP did this take a long time. you'd think this would get easier, but the opposite
More to come
Trippin at this license division wit ..... these people ringtones off the chain LOL !!!!!!
Todd and Elena are on their way down to Hedo today... me?? Sunday... Got another costume ready last night! woo hoo!
what up bro!
"You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them. ” --Maurice Sendak
Don't worry- next comes your skin... :)>
We are excited to welcome , & this week for #FoodTruckFriday benefiting
#Isles ink Nabokov to 1 year deal, terms not disclosed as per Newsday
What r they going to do when every team starts breaking the rules?
maybe it's just a cheap jersey. From a general sports store so not a rare specialized thing.
hey boo boo
oh wow! thanks for the article!!! looks amazing!
yup me to
Wow... someone's PROUD to be a "Certified Porn Star"? Dr Phil.......
The movie "Enough" is so damn intense.
It's EVERYWHERE! Have you seen it?? Kinda freaky... & have released the video for 'Turn Me On'!...
Ha! MT : Lady at store asked me, "what does (#) mean when my son types on FB?" She shows me: "#MyMomIsWhack" Me: "Oh, nothing."
SHM to the girls who icon pic is half of there face and their whole xhest SMH
people tweet out our articles a lot ...
Goodbye Dimitar Berbatov and thanks for the memories. all this time and not a word of ill. true gent.
Another thing about me, I like "bad rap music" or "mainstream rap," ESPECIALLY when I'm drunk if you remember lol.
yes! It will be my third year in a row. And it was my first half. so hilly and hot but FUN!
I'm in the mood to demolish something with a crowbar today, so if anyone needs that kind of work done, let me know.
Paperwork makes the world go round.
Ding! Ding! Ding! Also, just in case you didn't know, will be on Fallon next Tuesday!
I will not besmirch my reputation as a snob!
Great question!
#LMSunSIG accessibility: lecture capture is huge to make accessible. if auditory needs, must provide transcript
rockin Easter Sunday service
awesome night of music! RT #ShuffleCulture at then #BowlTrain at
If you negotiate with no leverage, you will lose. Maximum leverage occurs at the time of the offer.
One student in a Red Hot Chili Peppers shirt in class today.
Friday night doing nothing...well this sucks
missed connections
I love big DICKS
Bonjour , I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email
happy thanksgiving! enjoy a day of family, friends, food, and boozin'.
(or in this case, to Ancestry). That gets their accounts suspended, which works way better than posts or emails.
I get to see him tonight I think :)))))
love you my nigga
To get what is best for you, sometimes you have to give up what is most important to you...i am so sorry :/
I see that you are going to the Baltimore Blast game tomorrow, where are you sitting?
Just found out I've been cast in Adrien Brody's directorial debut "Mudjumper." Small part, but super jacked! :-)
If you have any questions on any of the terms, don<U+0092>t be shy to ask inshallah!!
I'm talking about before that? When he let the ball go straight through his hands which caused Durant to get the gw shot??
hi steve!
Just ran into at #SDMNOHeartYourself! We definitely need to meet up for coffee soon!
These basketball games tonight gone be cracking i caint wait!!!
Gotta text that said you straight we aint gotta talk or text lol lol tragic but i guess he with her but i aint mad he cant start a FAMIL ...
Christ has risen, the Chile Relleno lent binge is over.
we close at 9pm. sorry no #graveyard option :( rt : how late do u deliver tonight? I have to work midnight-8am!
“ I just came up wit it lol
you're so funny! haha I love all your videos. Follow me on keek, please: elizabethcb
Active Child= perfect if you love 80s music, harp, opera, and R&B
Old rock songs in the morning. <U+2764>
thank you!
you and I know better than to settle. It's just not who we are. To be mediocre would be to slap one another in the face.
Not only did BSU get beat but I can't get rid of James Taylor's Shower the People from my head
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Boo, I have to stop watching The Parent Trap and go pick up from work. JK, love ya. :)
Come in for our holiday specials ~ $70 for an hour of Reflexology or Reiki. Also, gift certificates available all season long.Happy Holidays
I'm a poet and I don't even know it because my feet are long fellows (Longfellow). PS - You're welcome!!
I'm avail to chat tmrw afternoon, or Friday mid-morning. I'll DM my number. Excited to help organize
Thanks for your always-incisive writings!
can u post a pic of the new uniforms for all those frogs who aren't at the game?
DANG! All This Hate On ? She's Gonna Be Trending By The Time You All Are Done With This!
My hair apparently thinks it's officially summer... #dryasabone :-/
salute big homie!!!!
You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow, rather lay awake in the bed full of sorrow.
just remembered i have some sushi in the fridge #winning!!!
"I have never known a really successful man who deep in his heart did not understand the grind, the discipline it takes to win [as with...
Thanks! Will do.
# just remembered i got to go back to the church in the morning for #pathfinders.... #goodnight then. god bless!
What is it about boyfriends who text twitter before you?
Just put like half of 's laptop in my mouth
you at your moms still bro?
It just won't end. How will cena vs the rock matchup.
Willing to travel?
thanks ! you're awesome, like TOTALLY awesome!
Happy Monday! Enjoy the nice weather we are having today in
getting high from bleaching my kitchen- its the new cocaine.
nope, individual social presence for each venue now.
Theres finally a place where PATIENTS can give their opinion to other PATIENTS about the hospital experience! help us spread the word.
Oh Knicks, you self-imploding roster of idiots... I #RigSoHard for you, but you squander it all! Dummies!
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.-Oscar Wilde
in the lab putting in work. Good stuff.
rain makes my hair look really pretty
Yea that works Asap
"You have hedged me behind and b4 and laid Your hand upon me. Psalm139:5" so thankful that Jesus is always taking care of me!
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic? ~ Lily Tomli
Libraries must be a critical part of our ecosystem. ~Susan Hildreth
Thats an Honor Fam! #Salute I know what I need to do I just have to put everything in motion and Im doin it now
You just popped in my head when I checked it out. I am strange, you know this! :-)
haha, yeah I've been checking in a lot on foursquare. I'm so bad at regular updates. Not the queen yet, but working on it ;)
Hey there!!! thanks for mention!! keep in touch! -G
yes i definitely that police work now is more dangerous than 10 yrs ago..there is much more crime happening now than b4
haha every episode twice? Thats awesome, we just started!
My corgi wearing jingle bells collar, barking & hanging out car window. Man at bus stop talking to him like he's Santa's elf.
Monday...madness! Anyone going through it?
not everyone can be classy like us ;)
Who wants a free #ShareHappy t-shirt! RT with #IWANTONE and we will pick a winner in the next 15 mins!
Im So Damn Tired Of This WHOLE Thing ... Flat Out!!.
My dad just got club seats for the Ed Belfour Heritage Night game… March 25th cannot get here fast enough!
Which of your critical health needs have been solved by the simple solution of #GoogleIt? Let know!
Always though Colonel Sanders did. . . RT Black people perfected Chicken
The Official Yesterday EP has been released! Visit yesterdayrock.com and go to the store to grab yours!
OH MY GOD HI RT ": omfg where have you been I haven't talked to you in 10 years"
When your in the middle of an amazing dream and wake up in the best part -.-
We'll be picking the winners of our #allamerks ticket giveaway at 3:30pm. Last chance to tweet why you should get two tickets to the game.
pretty sure that's on right after World's Best Car Chases and before When Vacations Attack.
Eek. How is the Komen Foundation leeching from Planned Parenthood?
please explain why/how this happened hahaha
Agnostic historian says Jesus did exist
We're marching to one police plaza
Happy birthday little bro u finally turning your two digits!!!! Now its time for me to get my punches....haha
can you go on tour... and come to Houston please?! That would literally make my life :)
Tonight! Come see our new short film "Cut '83!" at Denver Film Center (2510 E Colfax) 7:30pm, $10
First win ever tonight for summit softball!! All of our hard work has finally paid off! It feels so good to win! I love my softball girls:)
Day 1 sick day!
Grow a box n I gotchu! haha
Dear Women of Chicago: I like the way you're dresses today. Love, Mikey
Just a smattering of the Sterling jewelry available now at G Spot Thrift Shop.
haha that picture defines my dude to a "T"
Just dont give up yet, you still have plenty of time left.
Where is the SNL after-party? That's so cool!
Blah, Why Did I Have To Wake Up -.-
The good news: soon I'll know how my computer compares to my colleagues' re: age. Bad news: no one will ever get a new computer.
Linksys is good if you need something to run over in your new monster truck. Good luck on your tech adventure
wow that is amazing. Thanks for the press! Here comes a retweet!
i can't remember the last time I had to write a paper this ridiculously long. oh wait senior year.... Extended Essay. ick!
i'm better off w/o u
WOW! RT Malone? RT : most overused word on twitter: wow. most times i see wow, i think why?
Looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks in South Bend Indiana on May 11th. : )
you are very welcome.
—hikers raising political awareness by walking from San Diego to NYC—just walked through Gallup, on the way down to Albuquerque.
Today is our anniversary(:
I wish they made the potty more comfortable, so I could nap....!
Thanks, lol if I keep rewarding myself, I'm sure I'll be able to stick it out this time.
I'm at the New York Electroacoustic Music Festival. Let me know if you're around, too!
They let me leave from time to time. I'll be back next week!
Ah. No longer *as* jealous. ;)
haven't heard anyone condone threats. $ on trophy, etc. from IU grad in Lex. paper and you defend this ?
Hm what should I watch tonight?
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT ALL ABOUT
It's 75 degrees in San Diego. My daughter & I are sitting on the Starbucks patio baking, enjoying the coffee, the sun & each other.
Just gotta have faith
Ray Charles to the bullshit. Now hop up on this dick and do a full split...uh
nike 2 piece i ordered >>>>
Off to Spain today for three weeks of eating, drinking, and learning.
So much money... You should take that chance.
that's a good day!!! Hehe ;)
“: Was just thinking...last Easter in Las Vegas. The move is getting real! & I can't wait!” it's surreal!!
#Google plans unorthodox stock split, announces revenue increase of 24% to $10.7 billion. Earnings beat estimates.
noticed Wikipedia is still running their wiki app. Anyone else?
Going to see her tonight m...
I can't hardly think of biscuits without mustard ever since Slingblade.
duhh. Can we hang this week pls I need some Sofia in my life
i love you thank you for doing this (:
For this week's farmers market post I'm taking your questions. Use #askal and send me your market/ingredient/cooking Qs!
aw... Thanks!!! Hope ur great! Nice to see u!
Day 1 of half marathon training begins.... Don't remember it ever being this hot in past years!
We're glad you spent part of your weekend with us!
we're using water cups tonight
hey thanks! :)
my girls in FL are currently enjoying your entertainment &all I want to know is when are you coming to cali so I can enjoy it too??
Thank you so much for sending me the absolutely stunning jewelry! You are too kind:) <3 Can't wait to see you soon!
Its a lovely night to be there
Flattering, but I am in my dream job right now--with tenure! Ain't goin' nowhere.
Why does it always snow on the weekends?
You have got to get that snow blower off your home page! You live further south than me and we haven't seen snow since 2010
sometimes I forget that I don't talk about it that much b/c I've broken my no-whining-on-socialnets rule a little more lately..
great minds think alike :)
thanks darling.
Oh Butterfingers My Butterfingers.
Thank you so much!
Excellence is the character I strive for!
yeah but there time is different from ours!
Zayn got a new tattoo on the day picnik shutting down and the tattoo says 'forever in my heart'. Okay that explained everything.
Thank you!
I hate it wen creepy weird guys follow me on twitter...seriously do u think u even have a chance??? Haha umm no not bein cocky just sayin...
Everybody needs some time, on their own. Everybody needs some time, all alone.
Round Hill Festival this weekend, and you know what that means.....pie eating contest!
fake enthusiasm for technology. super transparent and vulgar.
Steinbeck classic predictably tragic at TheatreWorks - San Francisco Examiner
Walking the dog in the neighborhood!.... Why is it 60 degrees in the middle of January????
Free admission to the Carlos Museum on Friday, May 18 to celebrate
So happy and excited for you!! I am doing well, having fun and working hard. Hope to see you soon.
Why are you wearing a cape at school...reevaluate your life.
I know. I don't get it at all. I'm definitely not a Lebron fan but even I can acknowledge he's absolutely the MVP.
Hey Nathan, have you gotten a chance to use the betford trays yet?
stupid people right?? Can't stand them and bad part is they are "so called friends" lol
twitters getting boring.
anger management stat
When I was a kid the TV show 'Charles in Charge' may as well have been called 'I Hope Chachi Takes His Shirt Off This Episode'.
I bought an unlimited Bod Pods for a year package, so I've been going every 6-8 weeks. It really helps dial in the diet.
Going over my mute list and I'm amazed by how many guilt retweet hashtags are on it. Do so many people like chain letters too?
Bust your throat wide open!
MT : Mark Cuban has a "you're fired" policy if workers try to do the wave - "I'd rather have 60m of kiss cam"
Here's to the Mahomies who can't help but smile everyday all because of Austin.<3
Weather feels great
can u plz follow me? ur the funniest person ever, just thought u should know, if u didnt already...:)
The Alfac duck said it's Bubble Wrap Appreciation Day. I don't know if he made that up or not, but I support it.
but dick and cart jokes will always be funny. Just sayin.
RT : Remember that time UNC beat Notre Dame? Yeah, me too.
Rick Perry trending
just landed a second job... Damn straight
Bakersfield takes the lead 71-69 against Idaho!
Ugh why did I have to see that tweet: (
Leaving texas was the best thing tht happend my career got bigger always put a smile on ur face cuz u never know if u wil see ur new maneger
This Morning I'm Thankful that Wrinkles don't hurt.
What are the top medications that you or a loved one need financial help with?
yeah pretty much, but honestly idk how long I can take it anymore straight up. Yeah I'm strong and hopefully get through it. :o
RT Insecurity Vs. Public Affection.......Are u broadcasting TRUE HAPPINESS, or broadcasting it JUST TO PROVE A POINT??
Just an update to the new followers I was originall / still am . I have just made a 2ndary account 4 to seperate my race friends
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour for her debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be"
Coral Park and its wanna be's. Smh
seen your girl tweet nice you cook for her...
rude. I do what I want.
have u ever noticed the best teachers arent sought after but rather they always find you? :)
amazing show last night in SF! They are more dynamic than any rock band I've EVER SEEN.
Kickball team = Tyrannosaurus Wrecks, hence Demetral is Jurassic Park, and I'm the mayor BOOM!
My god I'm glad I don't have your job.
the morning is a scary time to be awake in west nashville. s/o to my construction workers spookin' me.
Looks like all the #Saints players will appeal their bounty punishments. But with those appeals going back to Goodell, you can't expect much
Holy faculty procrastination, Batman! Paper due for an important journal next week, and you want me to do your lit review now?
Happy #Valentine's Day to all!
Out at the Tao bar where you at!!?
First correct answer wins and I will DM the winner...
Bring some friends and join the traditional Sunday Roast or feast to get rid of that hangover | 11AM |
Thanks! Which would you recommend? I think I'll start a new Goodreads shelf labeled "RA"...
what's the best pick up line you've used?
“: I'm trolling into your conversation and I say he's 28.” getting warmer. Lol
Dark day in motorsports world lost of Dan Wheldon and Rick Huseman RIP to both motorsports world will never be the same
That's an effing terrible play at the blueline by Wideman.
Ding, ding, ding! You have unscrambled the word correctly. I'll DM you the password for tonight.
Long day.... Goodnight
Yep I rock with MadeStar... I'm over doin some awesome production! I'm even suprising myself. Lol
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
Just wanted you to know that #SteelerNation is behind you and hoping your knee gets rehabbed enough to prove
will you be able to work the team out Thursday I have to Goto long island
Miscommunication throughout the nation
Pretty clever way of spinning the fact that you hooligans can't afford matching socks.
haha nope, just the lighting.
we saw #TheHungerGames yesterday, and it was so much FUN! FUN! FUN! we tweeted more details if you want
Cher. Awesome. But if you're gay, you knew that.
opening for a javascript guru -- Manayunk -- message me !
omg its
I don't even know what's the point for me having a twitter account <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just let us know when you're around and we'll make it work! :-)
man everything
Idk man I just want to take me to Olive Garden #SALTYMOMENT - :p haha. <3 love you
I have been giggling for oh, 8 hours now... Its starting to hurt.
EMBARC is heading to Water: The Global Passport. Students will be actively participating in workshops to learn about the water crisis
i know, sorry :(
listen to the April 30th podcast min 59
staying up tonight to see Leonid meteor shower - from 2 AM CST
I hope you feel better (:
...that looks like a LBB hallmark card! are you for hire?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
hey! We are from around Pittsburgh PA! And we play pop/punk! :) you can check out our songs on Facebook :)
Just living another day of being black in America....
"Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever."
All of my hoops broke; I need more!
RT : general counsel comment - talking with OGC is great way to make admin aware of your DH project, impact
All this mommy stuff i do, Mommy needs some mommy time to herself, sorry kiddos! I hav a date this weekend! #groovebacktweet haha
Thanks for checkin them out! <3 RT : Just listened to and loved them. :]
Hanging out with and
27 of 30 for and - more points possible with the team dance coming up later.
Behind on this one but what I'm hearing from the latest Grouplove CD I really....well...love.
#HappyMothersDay to everyone out there...
constraints are now understood. Will see you on Sunday.
Thanks so much for the RTs & Hope your week is off to a great start!
Kill me. NOW!
is hoping all of our friends in Japan and the US coastal areas stay safe.
Wish you got on here more often Vladi... You've been missed :( my FAV SOCCER PLAYER IN THE WORLD!!!
A diet healthy is important for everyone but did you know that a specialized diet could improve your autistic child's symptoms?
Students from Gompers Preparatory Academy are about to present to me the challenges they see in their neighborhoods.
I think I missed this yesterday, but is there an unofficial/official game set for #ThrowbackWeekend2?
drive to south dakota! And bring with you. see ya at 5am lok
skools almost over, hungry like always, come on bell ring!!!!!
I've got last year's final four Butler shirt on........ready for some hoops.
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, we'd find them in about 15 minutes
looks amazing..
Let me know if you will be back in CA in early Feb. or shall we try to meet in NYC beforehand!
Ignorant as fuck but I swear I won't change up
RT Does anyone read Alternative Press Magazine or are you interested to read it? just wondering.
I'm team #PhiPhiOhara #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
You're thinking: I know, I'll fix this with an XML configuration file! Now you have two problems.
Blind faith is an ironic gift to return to the Creator of human intelligence
Hey, there is nothing bad abt getting an escort to ur car. Takes more guts than walking alone.
Rick Perry seems to have a Medieval agenda; keep women down, keep people dumb and pray to invisible sources for unlikely answers.
Aha Fuuuuuckkkk Sounds Like Someone Got Lifte Aha.
RT : I'll sum up my 1st experience like this: Go for the beer list, stay for the tater tots. NOM OM OM. Well done!
your a guy right? dont answer that. How do ou know if someonelikes you?
Justice is truth in action. - Benjamin Disraeli
IF YOU LOVE HER BREAK UP WITH KATIE.
Beauty fades with all the games you play
Both days are filled with treats; 31oct is just lots more fun!
LOL. I think I have pink eye. I mean...really?! Who even gets that after kindergarten?!
thanks luv .. make sure to let me kno wat u think !
doesn't have haters, he has motivators ;) right Austin? <33
Happy #earthday! Did you know that recycling one glass bottle saves enough electricity to power a 100-watt light-bulb for 4 hours?
DPR welcomes Zio's Italian Dining in San Diego to the Diversity Platinum show your card and get a comp order of Cheesey Bread! Welcome!
will be performing at this years we are happy to join and help this event! December 17th at Copper Door, Santa Ana
quit while you're ahead and can still drink during daylight hours.
UNSTREAM WAS AWESOME I LOVE YOU:) FOLLOW ME?!?!
who knows how many...the pilots were so drunk they never even noticed.
Breakfast in Kingman!
Next person to call me "fat baby Jesus" gets stabbed in the DICK.
All This SubTweeting , AT THEY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW IT'S REAL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
We have to say we are so proud of the US women's soccer team!
thanks boo <3 :*
Back n the sky I go..pushing back Jenolo #release 2 next weekend #sorry but want 2 make sure everything is #100percent good
Happy Leap Day! Visit the Third Ward and find fun once-in-four-years sales at , , and more today!
Wassup T Swift
You know you love this life
I really hope my cigarettes aren't really transformers!!!!
SO cute!! Thanks for sending it!! I love Bostons!
ya, good call
Friday's here. Not much relaxation this weekend: workshop Sat., yard sale Sun., and dinner Sat. night with new friends. I'll exhale PM Sun.
Hope to see you at the Central Florida Film Festival - remember our night is Sunday September 5th - 5-7 PM. Book signing also for Monsters.
Bubble Team Colorado State Rams get in as an 11 Seed...
Follow See my tweets about Grandpa Fred. We all need
"The man who is willing to put in the time and meet the requirments is the one you want to stick around"
british accent- sometimes charming, sometimes indecipherable, and mumbling and fast-talking don't help.
thanks on that follow back
Two words for those horrible throws at the dunk tank. "C'mon Man!!"
Yeah man. Because sometimes I'm in the mood for a good bar fight. Gotta know my target.
Jewish Proverb~ Never trust the man who tells you all his troubles but keeps from you all his joys.
Mane m not coming out here no more wtf !
New Kids On The block had a bunch of hits - Chinese food makes me sick. And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer." ::lfo::
Click the link and then go to entertainment heading. Scroll down and its on da right next to my pic.
Thanks so much for following us! Keep up the great work!
"Satellites are a motherf***er!" - <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thought and prayers are with those affected by 9/11.
So is Steve Blake the only player from that 2002 #Maryland team in the NBA?
Smx we keep working on the same project that is off target, simply bc we started, not bc it makes any sense to continue.
that's a nice way to put it.
Funny, I've just been tweeting this very thing.
We obviously have to find this doppelganger and kill him before he messes up our time lines.
Threw out my back while attempting to lift boyfriend. I think this is what old feels like.
I want some a Popsicle and go to the park...i have seen the water light show at centennial in a long time.: (
Lansing bound for last minute Michigan Recycling Coalition Annual Conference to-do's!
You know it's time to leave the fabric showroom when you're singing along to Gloria Estefan slow jams out loud.
why are u up so early?
thank you my love <3 you looked just as beautiful!! Missed you!
What a suprise a big completion on 3rd down against this extremly overpaid deffense.
RT Re Morality “mine is grounded in reality and logic not in some overbearing power”
RT : Leading isn't always glamorous. You have to be willing to do it when it is hard and thankless.
All the way south... Bored.
Thought leaders in #business/#learning/#talent I follow..., , , ,
A mid-afternoon snack courtesy of Nicole Stellon O'Donnell, one of our favorite Alaskans: jalapeno olive moose jerky.
Cheers to Laura T, my dear friend, from the foggy, chilly city of Chi town. Sorry I've been so out of touch; just too much busyness.
Hey #packernation! Back from a vacation that was definitely
No decent free video editors I know of on windows. Ulead / Corel is good for $50, or Premiere Elements
I'm deeply grateful for my executive creative wild pack w/ their brilliant feedback. Do you have a wild pack?
Now that's truth that'll find ya sleepin' on the counch!
I would be lying if I said you didn't cross my my mind every night b4 sleep, my my fantasy is the only way I can have you.
CW said: "Mind your business. The Secret Circle is a secret."
keep getting ingrons n bumps what brand of razor is it that your useing
I just did a FB search and notice only 3 state boards were listed.
Work. Class. No editing reel. Good day.
haha awww i wanna see her now
Do you think Pat Sajak really gives a shit if they go bankrupt?
I'm guessing you're not watching the Grammys...
This Balvenie is perfect.
Chocolate and Strawberry cupcakes are baked. Now to icing and decorate early mañana.
Settin off my hubby's phone
David Cordish is developing the "Maryland Live!" casino at Arundel Mills; He's concerned the proposed PG County casino would take business
This should be a good conference call if anyone wants to join in at 4pm tomorrow.
Gotcha. It's a must-have for a Mac, the next update will make the iPhone app the mail app killer tho.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're ready to save when you get to Tally
That was GREAT!!!
Great day for a walk! Can you believe it's nearly 50 degrees in Jan.?! Stop by to see us at Lake Bluff! 1300 N. Prospect
Still 30 minutes of polling, time enough to get your friends + family to the polls! “: Did win yet? Can't. Wait.”
let the church say amen!! andre crouch!!! I love it
I speak the truth! But really, you guys coming down again soon?
Major changes coming - stay tuned.
I <3 dubstep. Dubstep is the best band in the world.
n what's that lol
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking. Why bother, right? We have twitter. haha
"I got my toes in the water, ass in the sand not a worry in the world a cold beer in my hand - Life is good today." - Zac Brown Band "Toes"
I dnt even have cable here har :p :) .
how manly. Like hunting at the zoo.
Thanks for the encouragement! , ,
Torn between parental responsibility & gearing up the biz. All preps paid off. My 3 yo made it to 1st day in preschool. I'm proud of her!
Parra! I love that kid.
its better than great
Seattle, the Arboretum is the HH cocktail today 5 dolla until 8pm. You'd be a fool to miss out.
- its because you are my role model...
33rd st 7-11 is out of bananas. More coming this evening. I'll keep u posted.
#RIPMCA the beastie boys won't be the same !
Camping has something for everyone: Today, more than a half-century later, these exquisite destinations with world-class sights and a...
that nigga Alan start laughing skie swear soon as I ask
I got it! Can't wait to read.
There would seem to be something inherently illegal about Walker placing fake candidates on a ballot.
aaghh i feel liek shitt, ! is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
I have feeling if I leave my computer up someone gonna call me oovoo... But I don't feel like turnin it off
Wow--powerful to see current and past teachers at two-year colleges stand alongside 2-year attendees. *Lots* of folks here.
the Broncos get to watch you make them miss you!
lol omg I know that feeling. I don't want to get up rn :))
show is a trip. lol
Thanks so much Andrea and Jamie.
Some guys use the words ''i love you'' way too much -____-
RIP Whitney.
Not sure, try calling in and also request a song while you're at it!
Just left my first Y-Triple Threat class. Because my brain saw it and thought, "Hmm. Fun." It'll do anything for an endorphin hit. Junkie.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 16
Really excited about the new tool coming in May
I agree, I feel like we are are part of giant FB experiment, testing and more testing
one of the many reasons why i love you so!
Welcome new followers! Be sure to join our Founder, Greg Frost Sr's LinkedIn group today...Back 2 Basics Marketing. Not only for LOs
#FF ! Our #AFT director!
yes the school you and I attend
i knew Lyric wasn't just tan for his age.
Lmao she ham. I dig it
nah, fuck bills. The best things in life are free man.
Pinterest is next my friend. And they will go for at least twice that ransom.
"The Loneliest Lion" ...
Always had a soft spot for Hermione Granger from Harry Potter! Love that she used the library to problem-solve.
life is all about change. Embrace and enjoy.
Rockin' my #convert2revert shirt today! What are you rockin' out?!
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. -Les Brown
Happy Birthday my nigga!
Love it! Hope the workout and the smoothie were both awesome!
<3 RT My 100k Tweet is dedicated to my friend who is having breast cancer surgery today. She personifies #RonR!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 332
Ok but they still missed the same amount of free throws at the same time in the game.
he should've never made the postseason roster.
good morning! thanking God for another day & another chance to get it together.
Clear liquor has less sugar.
if you will not do DWTS would you at least dance with me so I could dance with a Star?
We are the Romans.
IMAGINE- *looking at the stars* you: the stars are so pretty. Austin: you know whats prettier than the stars? you: what? Austin: you<U+2665>
#FF because she is crazy, snarky, honest, smart, always hilarious, and the best friend/older sister I could've asked for.
your welcome!
Great coverage today mate - Im ironing the shirt about to hit Meydan, watching your Valley wrap up. Big night tonight
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends -- It gives a lovely light
My favorite thing about #diablo3 is that you can play the game with one hand and watch "movies" with the other.
Lol I Think School Been Started Bro.!
Good news, i just got my dick pix back and they look great! Ill be posting them soon.
Do you find it difficult to organize all of the info related to planning your #familyreunion? Why? We want to hear your thoughts!
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes." - Jim Carrey
HELL YEEAAAAAAA life is forreal like amazing right now
Rodman's style in Double Team is just too much. Even for him
I can't wait to see in Portland! Thanks for the best bday present ever!
#iwannameet my hero, my everything<3 it's been my dream to meet him for the past 4 years!!!
is offline on twitter ?
Using to circumvent $40 hotel parking in Gaslamp! Good for my wallet & the environment, anyway...
It's Friday, Friday, Friday! Happy
you only fail if you give up...so get up && come up with a different game plan
RT Oh Monday, you suck like a cheap hooker
thinks its funny that profs are wondering why grad students are doing their assigned reading right now. Comps on 4/2.
who ? Call me ! Or something aha long time no talk
Library Skills workshop sponsored by INLP: "Academic Research & Resources," Mar. 20, 11-12, Zim. 254. All are welcome!
Very nice. 65 and sunny in February.
Kyle Ean Haggerty & Kelly Ann Clay are honored to have been selected. Looking forward to pitching, networking, & closing deals!
David Cross and I are convincing anyone who will listen that we are part of a dance group called 2 Much is Never E-Nuff.(via )
Maybe we prove the concept by helping them learn through mLearning
Austin heart will always stay in texas.But he is doing this all of US and to make US happy. Be happy for him becuase its the right thing.
S/O TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS RT RT
Killing ourselves with a knife and fork
haha!!... Ilym and did u follow salim and justin as i told ya cuz they r my friends!!w i will tell ya who to follow later on
lmao shut up ..
just like me, dust off the carwashin muscles!
RT : #SmallBizSummit on the Twitter 80/20 rule. 20% promotion; 80% tips, hints, engaging content, shout outs, etc...
How's the lil' fellaz' punching bag? Considering buying one. Need some stress-relief aides.
thanks for the RT!
How many PHOucking Pho Noodle places does LA really need?!
I've never heard it before this article.
Does anyone have Dish??
Can't dm b/c u r not a follower.But would love to help. Pls email me at columbusfoodie AT gmail DOT com so we can discuss more.
they lost the sale of an alcoholic beverage because of that little stunt.
lemonade is the BEST
where is this posting
omg I wish I could join you right now
Mario needs to do a mixtape so he can show boys he can sang the paint off the walls
Facebook, please don't ruin Instagram... Thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> -
Don't forget to watch/dvr Jimmy Kimmel tonight, Anthony Davis will be on his show!
"Technology is easy compared to people" -
Yes, you should come to NM. Highlight ? Too many to count!
Best part of today: Exec Dir says dpla unnecessary: We did it. It's a publicity stunt. #htcc I'll ask Darnton Tues if he agrees
Thanks! RT Blown away by the new site! smps-chi.org
sometimes you second guess yourself
Conference call ova. Winding it down.
I really don't want to be allergic to work.
maybe Cody wearing a defeat the label sweatshirt or something?
Thanks. I'll pass that along to the team. We program it exclusively for you. Didn't you know that? :) cc:
are you having a good day so far? Please tell me yes or I'll be sad
Just heard won a National Addy on
Having a great day working at home
I hope you didn't think I was talkin bout you or something...
Yeah, I know. I remember you from Facebook.
> we look forward to meeting you at the SOLD OUT ... happy new year !!
And both sides try to take the moral high ground from a self-righteous perspective, through distortion of belief and redefinition
That's great to hear. What class is that?
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
My parents never loved eachother they just stayed together because I was created
the Sprinkler of Death? Best idea EVER!
Take a big bite out of that apple !!Enjoy>>>
That would be great. I also think BS was better at 3rd than ours.
Boxed wine and The Descendants. Pretty nice little Friday night.
Good luck.....on your apartment. I just had an inspection in mine and I scored a new heater...
Oh honey I know that. I was gonna add you in my happy mother's day
I'm planning on walking
#happybirthdayAndrew should be trending instead of #happybirthdayjustin >.>
Just got done with my workout now its time to shower and relax until later xoxo
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
WTF is going on in this class
My talents are being called upon for a very wide range of requests today.
Are the #Twins fielders even trying, that the second or third ball they've seem to let roll to the wall...
You should rule with fear... Like obama should just pistol whip the next leader he runs into
is too bomb< 3
Ozzie Guillen: “Everything I say here is from my heart the truth. I am not trying to get out of a problem.”
u guys can all be related LOL :-)
iight i did if u want u can call me now
#katyperrysucks on kca this is awful! ;( so sad
how long did they take on the grill? we need to do a smoker vs grill cookoff
Mr. Obama, would you please "evolve" on your views towards our Constitution and be for it too? Gosh that would be nice to see!
#GoNuggets RT : Nuggets vs. Lakers is speed vs. power
schemes & dreams to get the dollars from....schemes & dreams to get the dollars from.....
that looks like a fun night! I hope you behaved yourself ;)
eh. I miss parts of it.
now that sound like my kind of place I might come & buy u DRINKS
sweetheart thanks for the follow nice to tweet your acquaintance <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
oh my goodness. i look so short next to in that picture.
I do remember u!TY.Ur a treasure. RT Praying daily 4 u friend.I hope u remember me.This is christian.GOD bless u
we are huge local radio supporters. well, naturally, because our event features a handful of our favorite local jazz bands.
I will love to come on your shows to talk politics and jazz. how come jazz is no longer main stream and employment....
So Odom pouts his way out of Dallas just like Fisher did in Houston. Its a broken league when guys can quit if they dont play for LA or MIA.
Watching Grimm, such a good show. Does anyone else watch?
JesusGeeks at YMCA Jackie Robinson setting up computer lab!
is about to start excavating her apartment while contemplating her new dwelling.
So I walked up to "my car" and tried to unlock it, but it wouldn't. Is my remote broken? Turns out it wasn't even my car!
thank ya :)
For the record: I never called Orange County "The OC," and will now and forever never reference Malibu as "The 'Bu."
quick drink at 2d street?
Asleep at 9, up at 8. Take that, crappy fatigue.
Thanks, Dennis! Happy Friday!
kinda? Lmao no not really
Sitting outside of Dick's waitting for it to open. 3min togo
k so i need more followers. now i feel stupid because i am talking to like 4 people. lolol.
He made up for being super late. He's still amazing, even though he irritates me sometimes. :P
One liners are the hardest gig!
Guess I was out of town too long - cute hair !
yes and I har to work for a couple of hours...that's right only a couple of hours - yay
I don't understand why people talk about artist they don't like. I don't listen to the shit I don't like so I'd never bring them up.
sorry babe...ull kno when its the right one...trust me
omg I'm so sorry dude that shit suck. That cleveland dude is a fucking idiot.
Happy BDay to 1of the best bodies&set of lips in the business. i'll be watchin ur videos in my birthday suit in ur honor.
At least according to their tv show.
Is offering beautiful products that consumers love enough to justify Apple's market cap? ://econ.st/GHz1CJ via
she was fine when i left school
ironically, the move to MC was intended to give you a better or control of newsletter subscription :/ … work in progress.
Happy birthday Mike! Thanks for always keeping me clued in
you know the children's bounce house is a mosh pit training tool. Get them ready for their first metal concert.
say when he win da #megamillons today he's gone put spinners on da microwave
Hey it's BK, What is your fave Clint Eastwood movie? On this day 1993 Clint Eastwood won his first Oscar for directing the Unforgiven.
Hoodies, Skittles & Sweet T: I Don't Defend My Life; I'm On Offense
3 Days Down... 647 To Go. I'm Gonna Go Insane.
Lacrosse is the sexiest sport and played by the sexiest people
Freaking out
Pretty sure I tweeted about our game against Grant a couple times. xP
Well, the semester must be ending soon. Civil War prof is lecturing on Sherman across the hall.
hello!! did you take your time out today?????
"Are we to act like sheep? That’s not why I went into medicine. A good doctor has to be able to think for himself."
Well, are we talking premium/top-shelf bottles or rail swill?
my to Sisters in crime. ONE LOVE
Attention Capital Bikeshare riders: just because its shiny red and has a bell on it doesn't mean it's safe. Please get a helmet.
question of the day: In a jello wrestling match between Black Widow and Catwoman, who'd win?
Long day. Laying down to watch a movie with I wish were here!
Radio head stopped recording music and turned to whale farts right around "Kid A" so I excluded them.
You have no idea how happy I am about finding that turtle..
i love when i get to put my pajamas on and get comfy :)
So guys who are payed 100s of 1000s to millions risked it all to make an extra $1500, eh? Hell of a bounty. Whatever!
I challenge u to look up nutrition facts this week for all restaurants u eat at...u will be surprised & probably make different choices!
better wish Kelsey from a happy birthday! lol
O, I am so directing "Porch Isn't Dirt"!
Government does not create wealth. It redistributes it or consumes it.
The Bulls won the East last year , playoffs came around and couldnt' take on the #Heat. Your boy Rose chocked.
I assume you're referring to Beez's WLKY post? If so, WTF is wrong with people? You're not being overly sensitive, Matt.
“: Score! is my first [soon to be] verified follower! Thanks Susie! You rock! #countrymusicFTW” I hope you're right=) xox
text me when you get off work !! I get off at 10!
Taco Tuesday is on at Lottie's!! Smoked fish tacos w/ all the goodies.
In honor of the ancient strife between Scots and Irish, I've decided to celebrate St. Pat's with a Rusty Nail. Tu rah loo rah loo rah! :P
Out Of All Of The Pictures I Have Seen Of People Taking Pics Wit IB I Have NEVER Seen Anyone Take a pic wit Geo,Imma Be The First One!=)
Congrats to Nico Muniz, who signed last week with Real Salt Lake of the MLS. He came to many camps and programs at the IISA in the past!
Thanks. Have another post set to go very much in line with points you make.
College Humor: Hardly Working: Zombie Bite - HAVE A GREAT HALLOWEEN WEEKEND!!
LaMichael James scampers down left side for 52 yard run. 2 pt conversion stopped by Beaver safety. Ducks take 34-33 lead!
I pray to god for assistance and guidance through the ap exam I gotta take Wednesday Studied but I feel like I'm missing lots of details :(
Check out the new and improved website www.newbridgesballet.com I worked really hard on it!
Hope everyone saw the piece on Paul Allen last night on 60 minutes. Inside look at Bill Gates and his management style. Interesting.
I'm not sure I've ever been so tired.
Tra-la! It's May!
shooting it as we speak!
Time for spring football, this guy has 5 games to ref. First up...(gulp) two women's games. An intense group of individuals.
I hear you on that.
The audience asks if anything can be done to reform
Thinks programming languages will become standard part of education; if not and you want to be an entrepreneur then make it part.
www.joborworker.com - we will cover China, India, Russia very soon!!! Post your job there for free!
Congrats on the move to Their great addition. "Is that a phone in your pocket or are you just happy to see me."
We gotta even shit out tomorrow.
You want to see the future but you only see the sky :: R Siken
Our Baccalaureate is today....I don't know what I'm going to wear
- Como estas... but then again, if you're living in heaven, there's no need to ask.
UHG OMG THAT HOUSE IS SO UHG IT NEEDS TO BE BIGGER. if you have to live there you must have a sad life ))))))))))):
Even if you are not a Potter fan, you will like the new and final Harry film. JK Rowling said no more HP. Was she JK-ing?
#NeverTrust a hot boy with light eyes
You can also follow my work accounts and if interested.
Love Headcheese but want to change up your serving routine? Try it sliced with beets. It's delicious!
Fatt Wallet (FWA) ask if you would participate in a tee "trade in" program? Your gently used tee for $$ off a new Fatt Wallet Apparel tee?
Good times!
New statement from Tom Hecht's family on #WISN12 News This Morning.
6:30 you came entirely too early! #thatswhatshesaid :o
It was a blast - don't worry I'll bring the potato salad and the noise to your board BBQ in July too!
Definitely more to it - gauging performance, measuring outcomes, recommending program and policy change to get best value.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes. I am overwhelmed with gratitude to have such awesome friends. Peace be with you.
Follow me back, dick head. <3
u should all follow !
no problem!! :) please like our Facebook and check out our songs :)
There is nothing to do today why did it have to rain?? <U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
#SaySomething IS AMAZING ITS MY FAVORITE IT SONG AND WHEN I LISTEN TO IT I CRY. U HAVE COME SO FAR AND ITS MAKES ME SO PROUD <U+2764>
With nick and jesse(:
Special honor to my wife Yarnell, mom Geri, mom in law Janice I love you all! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Work party with the impressive and talented ! Woo! She's jealous because her cat likes me better.
Yes, that's me. Thank you for saying that. :)
those are the best
i hope not im not bringin my stuff for it
We could have some pretty fierce hate sex though.
wow, big restructuring at harvard libraries. sending support out to colleagues there. is live-tweeting.
Greek Coalition Talks Appear Near Collapse State television in Greece reported that talks to form a government would resume Monday, indic
A visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
I love autumn because that's when squirrels come out and I love squirrels!!!
Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you. -Jerry Gillies
Happy bday to Milwaukee's original Ron Burgandy, ! You stay classy, Planet Milwaukee.
Long time no snail mail,forgot stamps peel off now & envelopes require moisture, where's that ungrateful cat...wait, here's a child.
what library?
Tending bar ! Come out & say hi!
Things are going good. Just got the new myspace up. Going to play some basketball with my sniffly nose.
so did you text em?
OH: "The intern has gone rogue!"
Hey I am in a cab with a woman taxi driver.
EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT ALI AND NIALL. JUST STOP. OMG. SO ANNOYING
My feet hurt.
im stuck on trying to figure out why you don't have a mobile website tbh
FACT: I proposed to my ex wife by giving her a diamond brochure about the 4 C's.
That's totally what tumblr is for XD
Or, you've just left an alternate universe and re-entered your own.
The your reporting suggests that Zimmerman's possible right to "stand his ground" holds more weight than Martin's shows bias!
No one screaming "MOM!! Where is my..." for the entire day. Priceless. :) RT : Moms; what was your favorite Mother’s Day...
Quoth the Raven, Craggenmore
very nice
it doesn't count if it's not real :(
who wouldn't be able to handle you...? Lol
I need help launching my site will offer %, thanks gordon
"WOW! (gasp) And why do I spend (gasp) an hour kick boxing (gasp)?" An hour sounds more impressive than 4 minutes Tawny :-).
let's get a new one, I really loved my phone but now it's being a stupidphone instead of a smartphone
And I thank my other followers, mainly familia, who have to see my obsession, and my friends/family just have to deal. L0L!
when you get back!!
True love is when you love someone unconditionally your whole life. I speak of experience.
There are not that many hardcore fans of #RBNY. RT : Wed reported att: 11315, a surprising 45.3% full, but looked 1/5 full.
Out of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal
omg.. Yes
what a good wife. Best wishes to you both (but mainly Scott right now)
Tune in on 4/28 for TCC's FIRST-EVER "For the Love of a Child" 12-hr radiothon on Denver's KOOL 105. Listen in from 6am-6pm & support kids!
Do you ever find the time to have some fun with all the work you put in on a daily basis?
Heading to to see what up with the #stknbiz players. See you there!
RT : SNOW--. a YUMMY Bratwurst cooked in #bier from with onion jam on a wheat roll 4.5..Chicken & Corn Chowder!
he got fired from there unfairly, he working for ESPN in the LA studios now
hey. hey you. stop being pretty kay? kay
March 28th and none of the furs are in storage yet. Gah!
": Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot that I only exist when you need something."
Well at least you were honest with her.
you da best ;)
I suppose Bloom's thoughts on understanding have become almost a standard by which to assess stu understanding
If you stay busy thinking about right things, the devil won’t be able to fill your mind with wrong things.
#NCTA Chair Michael Powell speaking on commitment of cable industry to adopt broadband, partnerships, connect-to-compete.
you all too.
Power outage has knocked out all of the college's servers, including Blogs@ Baruch. We will be down most of the day.
Summer sounds perfect right now.
soon bro I'm bringing Giants gear though lol!
Looking for another 1/2 marathon to run in Oregon. Suggestions welcome. :) Don't like courses that are "out and back."
Bad girls club was the best last night OMG beat Up even no I love them both #team bad girls club!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Feeling pressure to use the fast-growing Pinterest? Here's some advice to take it slow....
we haven't forgotten how f-ing awesome you are xo
i need to shop
lol right so im stuck lol
whats the website, cause I dont know what ya talking bout.
Getting trippy an de-essing with
Thanks for the follow!
We can report this to the Dept. of Parks and Recreation for repair. Please provide the address or intersection where located.
RT : You were born as a winner, remember that once upon a time you were the fastest sperm out of 300,000,000 other sperms.
CAN I PLEASE JUST SEE YOU ALL. UGH
you should report that! Recall perhaps??
Harbor East
dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned. They're only powerful when you got your back turned -Eminem
#randomfact about me I am named after La Bella :) I luv my Italian name!
Off to a great start! at our spring benefit hosted at indochine! ...every one is ready for yoga!
I think and I could have a reality show, like Taxi Cab Confessions, only on the bus and we'd probably only do one episode.
Last month mine was less than $30 this month probably be like $75-$80 I'm an energy saving grinch
You better treat your girl right or another man will.
appreciate it:)
#OrangePerks RT : Being a alum just got me out of a speeding ticket in CNY.
*insert crowd from ANY wrestling show in the past 2 months screaming "YES! YES! YES! YES!"*
Hahaha. Great band. No doubt.
Hey Half Pint!!!
we're def still down. Workin on settin up some dates around recording, hit u up when we get word. Keep killin it
I feel like me and my closest friends are drifting a part really fast
wasn't a dream cause I hate you
Better than the entire Spice Girls album that played at the Sushi restaurant I was at last week....
Eh what happened to Twitter!!! I kinda like it
haha I know, they're great for the bongo drums c;
Hahaha, we're hilarious. :')
LA is deffinatly the best sports city.
What is happening to Cincinnati?
Love that I got the chance to see tonight at ! It made my Tuesday infinitely better!
At Embed Yourself. Always make me think of ticks.
Hoping your week and weekend to come is beautiful..hugs to you and mom and extended family and friends...ENJOY!!!
Skipped out on all the #ala11 partying tonight. Had quiet dinner with 3 other spectrum scholars, strolled crazy Bourbon Street, now bedtime
No doubt it'll be. But for my 1st visit better to see wineries w/out crowds & I have u & to help guide me
Dear Pope, Religion and birth control are more compatible than you may think. Every time a condom breaks, someone learns to pray.
getting ready to dip so i cn be San Antonio bound for a couple of hours
With all the gmos and frankenfood around, why have we not developed a champagne flavored orange?
remember we talked about it before. Just want to get the full conversion ? Sucks cropping !
lots of inspiration today in #uocreativestrat. need to let the ideas flow
Sitting in the last car of the train. MEANING if the train plunges over an unfinished bridge into a valley of undetermined depth...
Politics is inherently social. ~
Jazz Trax festival happening on Catalina Island!
here haven't talked to my Poohbear all day, wonderin wat she doin..
Awesome to hear! :)
Have you tried Pho Dan on Braker and Lamar?
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow That I'm A Great Drinking Buddy : /
I think you are the most sweetest guy evr :)
i wanna go shopping!! :)
hey ryan:)
- whereas certain activities may appear to be random, they may be fundamentally systematic in nature.
will notice you one day, even if it's not today! I promise!
Returning to last week's theme of German-Jewish scientists for a few tweets...
RT : A3: upbeat, enthusiastic, to the point, no longer than 3 minutes... engaging, too!
I still have my 91 A jersey. he was my favorite and i'm keeping it and still wearing it :)
Thanks for the tasty treats at last Thursday's #5x7social! , Creative Creations Catering &
Celeb fans! Checkem out! Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues rocknroll,
I think everyone else in Milwaukee is extra sleepy as well this morning...this #Starbucks is packed. Yikes!
hopefully soon! We are releasing our new album soon, and then we hope to do some touring again :)
lemme know how that goes?! i have to get mine done memorial day weekend!
AND YOU minus the dancing with pants. Instead it's hitting people with bread.
So now that Facebook is going public do you think your profiles will be more or less private?
Board Meeting tomorrow. Gearing up for our big fall fundraiser on 10/23. WTS for more info.
never heard back from you. Ate you still looking for a co. for your class?
lol im convinced! Mark it down for a foursome on the first tee!
they dont. I had a layover in san francisco.
#TheVoice watch party here at the White House tonight..."Guns N Roses" theme...Biden coming as "Slash"...
GOD is good whether U are or not but choose wisely bcause we all Will be judged
I look up to the mountains; does my strength come from mountains? No, my strength comes from God,who made heaven, and earth, and mountains.
same here!! Hold on I'm gonna tweet a pic of Lana and gaga and you tell me who were's it best!
the good ones do.
Can you please come to Milwaukee and sign my book?
That is a great, honest post. Those people don'tinhabit Inner Susnet. Which is why I like living there.
that lasagna gone be the shit
I wouldn't mind so much if they parked better.
God was with me and stopped my hand from slapping this stupid hoe
Thanks to for #FF!
Was jamming to LMFAO now jamming to Usher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
RT BREAKING: New tornado warning for Champaign and Vermillion Counties now includes Danville.
Been a while since I've been on here. Where has the time gone?
i've been diffing my commits for years, I hate to see accidental extra crap get committed. it's sloppy.
rough quote: "I'm humanist enough to believe that having a conversation is in itself productive." -
Just ordered 's basic dozen for my BFF! Shoot, now I want some...
Our new run starts Saturday night 9:30 !!! free glass of wine or beer with your ticket during Feb! See you there you drunk!
Respond to 'customers.' This is the single biggest advantage you have over the big guys. -Seth Godin
I agree! Styles and trends are constantly changing!
Sony Xperia Play Themes – Free Download | Pinoy Technologies
just because he's friends with cody
I wish H-Sci-Med-Tech's RSS feed would display the article body, and not just links w/ the article title.Are all of H-Net's feeds like this?
Off to cheddars with the fam
will play book and future blackberry phones have Skype?
Noeleen: In crisis situations, there may be a dark horse at the company who ends up being a rockstar. Get more people media trained
pleasure meeting you all at #uxcampdc - looking forward to catching up more! /cc:
:) Thank you! SO good to be "back in the arts"
I will find you.
When are believe your dates out?
Evidently I haven't retained a single piece of information anyone has given me in the past 2 weeks
I'm going to try to take a nap... Peace!
Time for Melo to step up. No more excuses. We need him 2 play like the 3 good players we gave up for him. Melo fans No More Excuses.
Sometimes you have to think about others and not yourself
However they do have Jeff Fisher and he is due a Super Bowl
hey sunshine....smooches
And the rain sings me to sleep...
Great new play to eat sandy sprngs diner
Will you be attending Arte Americas in 2012?
Pooped twice this morning already...I'm so cuuuuuuul...!!!
Fabulous, will have to take a look tmrw.
Thanks for following
175 runners around $115K for first.
Nice bunt by Hart there. :)
Hey, you bite people too?
4:53 on 1/12. sending love to quell the chaos. the ache remains.
I can't wait
Constructivism Predictions? All or nothing norms, social distinctions matter more, creation of a world state.
no its isnt
will you both be at Glue next month?
Working on EOE blogging topics...
they were leading by a goal last game, and lost it in about 11 minutes.
Hey guys guess what? We're 20 likes short of 200, only 20 people! Help us out =]
David Hockney: Photography is fine if you like to see the world from the persp of a paralyzed cyclops for split second (paraphr
Thanks for the Shoutout,I didnt expect that at all & my name is spelled Austin, I just have it like that for my twitter. :D
Looking for a Count Almaviva for Barber of Seville....
Become our 200th follower on Twitter and win yourself a whole lot of love from AIABaltimore! :)
Get outta my head. And fall into my arms instead. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
moms almost saw my...
"You don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a guy like Moe Green like that!". Name this movie???
we will be in Indy for a hot minute on Thursday
Jackie, A fantastic video!
idk I never went. I checked online lol
Oh so YOU brought the rain? ;) lol RT : it was rainy days at the end of my trip! Yeah chk it out! Hit me back!
I'm going to make an ad-hoc croque madame sadwich... so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice.
Have a great run & everyone else!
Have a great #weekend, everyone!
Nice sunny day down here today. Ocean was glistening. Rained a little yesterday.
playing piano and reading Tolstoy.
how does the pic violate the terms of service of Facebook?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETS! enjoy today tmrw & your weekend ;) <3
Today is the 1st day of open enrollment for Fall
Lol I Know...Be Ready To Chump A Nigga Off
I want to visit Hy-Brasil
Do you have strawberry jam for me?? :-D
I'm heading to #RubyRiot and just signed up. Thanks.
You should be with me long term.. ;)
Not trying to be a homer but the are embarrassing the #Bulls. Not to mention my boy Lavoy Allen is killing it.
hey i see you in the t.v section
Really hoping this wave of unwellness I'm feeling isn't the oink-oink.
:) RT : Umm, I don't usually bet with Billionaires MT : I hear CB & are going to make a bet on NJD/NYR
Oh I like that.
I've had $9 since Saturday and I get paid on Fridays.
Where you eating lunch today OKC?
Beer review and pictures sent :) cc:
that sounds great dude. Any sweet gigs lately?
Awesome! see you in Chicago!
Really Steve blake?
not sure, but it's a pretty pervy commercial.
"What's he gonna do with that axe?"-girl next to me "He gon chop dem bitches up"-me
Valentines Day is just a good reminder of how close we are to St. Patrick's Day! #sacpubcrawl www.5hundy.com
I know that sticking a Post-It note reminder to my iPhone is a failure, but mine or technology’s?
HARE RAM HARE RAM HARE KRISHNA HAREREM*
Thank god i dont have to go school 2day.
We'd love to host a visit to UCLA the next time you are in LA.
CA is low on energy, and I think I have some leftover
mayo from you is questionable at best XD
Thanks for the timely and helpful response about Miami on facebook. Threw you a little shout-out!
Never regret anything that once made you smile.
Listening to one of our favorite bands Miss May I!!
come home!!
Always be shorter than anybody dared to hope. ~Lord Reading, on speechmaking
Agreed! RT : Another great #Digital #Marketing SIG this AM, thx to !
It's basically National Stoners Day. People get high on 4/20.
I got roku to watch movies on TV. Very intertaining.
FYI to my traveling friends rocks. Thanks for the help AJ!
This weather>>>>
I've eaten so much this spring break
Right now in Philly-is-awesome: spotted a used condom by a City Hall entrance today. The "Spread the Love Winter Promotion" is working!
Thanks for the RT!
At Partner Support Day at NetApp in RTP. The agenda is best practices around Cisco, NetApp and VMware. Should be a great session!
thank you :)
- Happy May Day!
Miss the college days when we do volunteering together. Now you can relive those times by joining PANYC community service...
Y am I loosing followers when I followed everyone back ? Lol people on twitter is weird. Thanks to all 160 of you who follow me!
My Facebook friends held an intervention to confront me that I need to get help for my Facebook addiction.
I'm doing everything in my power not to call Bristol what I really think of her, a word I reserve for her mom & Coulter & only in private.
Happy Labor Day!
Be ready Monday for take on the #phillies and why exactly they seem to think they're better than the
it was great. Had a chance to meet with clients, partners and prospective clients. Also, picked up some good ideas for SHRM.
MARKERS AND PENS <3 TELL HER
tried to DM but you don't follow me. You can reach me at , would love to talk APIs!
Feeling a lazy day!
Hereby open the floor for suggestions! RT : Hey, ! What's the official hashtag? Inquiring minds, nosy tweeter, etc.
Featuring new wines @ lacofradiamiami ...The show Malbec, Joel Gott Cab, come test yr wine skills w/ world class wines.
I love you too:)
“: lol I was being sarcastic lol” oh, I know. Don't worry
I guess that's why ur supposed to bring in ur closer AS SOON AS IT BECOMES A SAVE SITUATION.
Thanks to for her #libs4jobs keynote. Great talk about the importance of
LOL!! let him slide his bday in in like 28mins I love how doesn't love me anymore & neglects me.
#quote The trouble with referees is that they just don't care which side wins.Tom Canterbury
hey ladies, ITS FRIDAY !!! Enjoy your weekend :)
I am beginning to create a success pattern now
A word's just a word til you mean what you say and love isn't love til you give it away
s/o to for the follow....
thanks for the follow, intrigued by your profile info. Looking forward to your tweets.
Yur So Pretty
She supa sleep!! She said is garbo smh!! I bet her favorite rapper is Chris Brown or Gucci ha!!
Does anyone have any connection 4 cheap hotel las vegas 4 911 rally?
Thanks and for covering the #NAWBO event this morning.
night buddy!
About to eat a potpie. M..
my mom just ran outside and screamed "SO WHAT I SMOKE WEED!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Classic skull design, or something special?
I hate you. Don't ever talk to me again
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
A resident of Dubai is a Dubayyan
"Someone named Text Message keeps calling me and when I try to call back,it won't let me!" said the girl with no attention span...
Take notice - looked like a 2nd rder last night. Lot of m2m, but skills to play QB or WR.
Preciatee yours to.
they mostly come out at night..mostly
Between 5-7 pm I'm gonna set up a lemonade stand in front of my house that serves booze. Those drunks 3 houses down will make me rich.
Mr Sun, thank you for being out today!
Your off-season kickball league doesn't start until next week, Philly. Looks like y'all are gonna be good this year, though!
I was unfamiliar with this bit of history myself!
Why do kids keep tweeting "when I was little"?..... If u can't wipe your own ass without your moms help.... You're still "little"
no just give it to them haha
Bring Back Ringer 5
& you looked SO good!! "That was divine."
at school..yay twitters not blocked!
Enjoyed sleeping in this morning!
Stay tuned, discount newsletter coming soon!!!
Happy birthday !! Funniest Phish fan on twitter. Hopefully I'll see you at Alpine, San Fran and Dick's
B1G TEN Championship Showdown Tomorrow! Join us at 3:30pm to watch MSU beat OSU!!!
The world can always use more pictures of puppies...and rhubarb :)
Happy Birthday... we're late but excited you were born. May this be your best year yet. Happy Birthday!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there!!!
it's been a min since i been on here hey hey
EveryBody Loves LA =D
My advice would be to invest in a TARDIS
Himself. Then his cousin Kelly Stephenson hung herself. One sentence in this article stood out to me. "Two years ago police asked the media
I read all the books, want to see it. cc
The Power in Dirt listing shows every corner of Pratt and Light up for adoption. That's bizarre.
oh I was working the snap hook w/ the wind big time
I can't retweet you. But if I could I'd retweet this <3
That was sarcasm get wit it lil nigga -______-
I fuckin hate you, but, maybe if you looked in this direction, i'd pick my heart up off the floor an put it in my chest then [ASTR]
well on your way to Inbox Zero!
Live, Love, Laugh..Live each day like its your last, Love with all your heart, and Laugh through all the tears! ~~~~~
That was but if a grenade joke for me.
Why are people still lip synching? We get that it is hard to sing and dance. Just pick one.
#WIU #Graduation for my boo Love my girl. So Proud
A7 Depends on where I'm at. Public transport when i can.
Packing. Vacation starts tomorrow.
might wanna google that and see who been rocking the name for years my g
weird people >
you will make me like the happiest person ever if you follow me
sure. Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
RT : RT : Text "HAITI' to 90999 to donate $10 to This is a painless & legitimate way to help!!!
DUCKS to take home ROSES and don't BADGER me about it!
that was cool as the fam - let's see if we can't link up again b4 the end of the month. i'm ready when u r!
Where's a good Middle Eastern restaurant in Seattle?
What do you call an aardvark in a frying pan? A lardvark!
what is the red stain on that chair????
Ur so pathetic.
k guys imma go on my personal account now . kbailoveyaa<3
Hey now you're an all star get your game on go play
Come check out the new Mystic HD at our Pacific Beach location! 2 free boosters with purchase of a mystic today!
Good Monday Morning. Dragging a little this morning but slowly waking up. This 30 degrees makes me want to go back to bed.
I love story time with my father...I look up to him so much
when i hit it again, it just says you entered already so it wont let me. is there a way i can send you the link through here?
I'm switching browsers (bye IE). The question is: Chrome or Firefox? Pros, Cons?
hopefully my babe comes over after :) I miss that lil fagget already<3
doing it now.
Happy Mom's Day to all!
This game has gone by fast
If shopping bring your receipts to Guest Services and help local schools earn points for cash prizes!
HEAD OF THE CLASS network administrator needed in houston..
read Proverbs 31 to find the criteria for
I know. But there's more Steve. I want the more.
ill think about sunshine;)
Unblocked charliebean48 hopefully you are reading this charliebean.
You got it!
Hi Chaterine thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together??
It be awesome, lol!
I'm going to my cousin's house because she just graduated.
you welcome !!!
good day for a get something warm and drive safe:)
your belief he mysteriously became unfunny is mind-boggling to me.
I was in Madison last night, will be in MKE til Saturday morning when I head down to Cho=i
Anyone wanna chill later?
#FavoriteLyric "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?!?
Saw many of my middle school library friends today, including 's Noah! Signed him up for Summer Reading Club. :)
When I turn on Espn at 2am.. And it says baseball tonight is suppose to be on, I better get baseball tonight not the fucking NBA..
got the butterflies come on lakers
Welcome ! Looking for a hip wine bar ? We're a 10 min drive from the Gaslamp on 4th Ave. Swing by for Happy Hour today from 5-7p.
A text i just got(2 muscle males with ass in a ring together just a damn shame PUT US IN LOL) IM ROTFL
Last night's Fam Guy was AMAZING!! You + team =
Chronologically impaired.
Today is Katherine Hepburn's birthday...truly the gold standard for acting!
“: "Catch mee!" lmao” ROFL !! That moment was classic !
didn't have the heart to make fun of him
I need to get started on this term paper !
Listening 2 some #H-Town :):)
I apologize in advance to anybody who says 'Things aren't always what they seem' or 'i'm happy or I'm really happy'. Actually, I'M NOT
Celebrity math: A smelly city in Indiana + a name-brand lantern = Gary Coleman.
Time to go help my sister again... so much to do. Have a gReAt Day :)
all day primetime
really? Sounds juicy... what makes you think he's on the dl?
Lee and Halladay are amazing pitchers. CC is so good because hes just such a horse. but hes not an amazing pitcher.
Hooray! Everyone has left LA and now I'm home alone.
Fun meeting!
where are you lol
this is fake -.-
HELLYEAH!! THERE ON FIRE I LOVE HEAT!!!
Late night studying with my roomie :)
Mold ! Fire damage
“: note to self: I shouldn't have watched 50/50 in public.”
I'm from san Antonio now living in Denver. GO SPURS GO!!
Good luck!
In Tallahassee, FL riding to get some lunch. We got here at 2:30am
: Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
I'm done.
American Fluorescent rebrands itself as AFX Lighting at #lfi2012 to better represent its range of energy-efficient options.
Do not ask God to guide your footprints if you're not willing to move your feet
Go see #ParanormalActivity3. Better than the first two and you'll get to see the come back of Teddy Ruxpin.
ha love my life
if u judge me on how i socially text/post rather than how i professionally type then idk what to say to u
Happy Fat Tuesday! We have King Cake..come enjoy some with us!
holding on Wagner
MT we are at 57 degrees this month too :) ====> See you Friday night at 1735 Hancock, San Diego!
My life just needs to slow down
Tweeting is like talking to a wall..
Intros were about all they did right today...yikes! Hope our Rockies fare better.
I cringe when I hear people say, "Web 3.0"
"And I could've married a fireman and had two kids." "EWE, oh no!"
We gave my mom possibly the most amazing mothers day :>
I like the tin can effect....brings me back a few dozen years...you need to get the samsung galaxy I then..
Been thinking about one of those for our Charley to remedy carsickness. Let me know if it works.
"vanessa, you ohkay? need to go to the nurse??" heres me : " #ROFLcatz " #boom <U+E404><U+E412><U+E012><U+E213><U+E24C><U+E232>
and haha I don't Brandon don't make me tweet Matt lol jk
I think I lost my voice....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
you get diarrhea. I don't want one.
thank you!!!
I'm surrender. They're all not my type, you CAN"T put me in the same room with them!!!! YOU CAN"T
My pleasure.
It's time to take care of YOU...www.hairinthecity.me...simply one of the best salon experiences in
i love you <3
After this school year I think I deserve the award for waking up late.
if you're familiar with the MVC pattern yes. Otherwise no, you have to learn MVC first.
Checked out your recommendation! Thanks- always love good inspiration.
Debating whether to brave this rain for Quality Meats or go home.
Banaji thinks our open society for immigration is what will keep US ahead! India And China don't do this. How we teach about us-them is key.
Jessica Simpson takes heat for pregnancy weight gain
The kids we neglect to teach #FinancialLiteracy to now will one day be running this country and the world!
The more I check-in at Carl's Jr. / Green Burrito® with the Happy Star Rewards™ mobile app, the more premium rewards I can win. Pretty nice.
Well Vegas It's been fun! Now it's time to catch a flight. I AM LifeVantage! :-)
totally missed it the first time lol. Clever.
I miss the old me. The me that you were a part of.
Ah technology. Thanks to Remote Desktop my work today is spectacularly sedentary.
I saw u across the room but was bashful:) I might see about sending my FABlab teacher there instead of staying with us-
I think one of the local PG Co libraries has a local history room, a good place to start for
Great stuff!
Awesome to be able to tune into #umwfa12 welcome from home. Such an exciting program coming up!!
I know I am probably just influenced by yesterday and today's events, but I thought the whole thing was a little homoerotic.
Great day of giving out toys and clothes to 1000+ homeless children! #grateful for all that we have.
People keep sending me what are called virus links... you should get your computer checked. ;) just saying.
Heading to Humble, TX for a trash haul. Give us a call if you have junk to be hauled away in the area!! (713) 464-9200
haha i am a lazy prick at heart! I asked my wife for my birthday and she thought i was joking.. slippers go on right when i
ouch. I tried to delete that tweet to revise, but you beat me to the punch. sigh. Pitiful...
You have permission to engage!!
Don Omar is coming to the #Copacabana this Friday night!
Chris Drury is not impressed at your last second goals
I hate when I'm alone in a dark room and my brain goes. "You know whats a good movie? Paranormal Activity."
.The office coffee! So good. Caught a colleague chopping and making lines of the grounds with his credit card this morning!
Better get your horse predictions in fast.
Try the EOS gamma, but turn down the gain in the color matrix, lift the blacks a touch and soften the knee.
"The thing about Ders is, he's supposed to die tonight. I'm on a real spiritual high right now brother."
24 days until #RnRAZ.. Stick to the training plan through all the holidays and parties..
I'm loving all this advice your sending I love it
"If I aint got nothing, I got you... If I aint got something I don't give a damn, cause I got it with you"
Happy Labor Day from Absolutely Beautiful Escorts in Greensboro
On a subway in LA... What's next
Dang! She just won the female vote!!!
i love you!!!
I have a life, it's probably about time you realize this & get back to finding your "life", instead of implying that i don't .
Smile doesn't mean u r always happy it's accurately mean u r strong person
Oh yeah... GO CARDS!
I would be most grateful to see them, Miss Dana! You are an artist of corporal discipline & I'm honored to have you on my TL
Why wait?!
Glad to see Mit Romney's ratings are higher than Obamas
look at you all hatin' on cyborgs
Texas is one of nine states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
we can't wait either!
Thank you man! Absolutely will :-) " The Present Future is great work. Check out www.richarddavia if you can."
it made my day(:
haha. I agree.
wish I could...lunch days, unless I come in early to work are tough! Kate you down here?
Good Morning World !!
i cant wait bro, gonna be so EPIC... Kobe gonna punch a cheerleader yo, watch!!!
sigh, it always "technically" is....
Sorry I'm kind of out of it at the moment! Ck your DM!
#TeamInsomniac Still no sleep needed. Still puttin this greatness together at the studio in Compton.
not quite sure how I managed to tweet that out, but thanks for sharing. Lol!
Building some fancy automated workflows in Drupal. I are cutting the edges.
FJOENJFALIHJFLEINFIAFLEA if i got to meet them....i would totally do something bold to make them remember me. ;) ;) ;)
TRAK is seeking a #Metadata Management #Librarian in #DC! Contact me for details!
I saw a smashed KFC bucket on classen.I couldn't help but think...Even if they're fried, chickens will try to cross the road
What are you doing drinking beer, milk and green tea? Tiss tiss ;)
its unlisted! haha
Whats up #twitter long time no tweet!
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
If I call 's house and ask him to prom will his mom make him say yes or...
Oh yeah, and my aunt and uncle reminded me that I was exorcised 3 times as a child. Too bad it didn't work!! <g> Love y'all though. Miss ya'
Pt3 Indian Man: Yes. All young men want to fist one another. Though you are large and look like you could handle a fisting.
This time she tweeted inflamed curiosity
Does anyone have any advice on how 2 get my #fundraiser out there? I have tried a lot with not much success. Any help is greatly appreciated
I'm pretty good actually. I remember something else you use to down. Lol
#InstantTurnOn Boys in a band. Like um. #MyOnlyHero ?
We party hard like the mexicans on may 5th-
Just did boodylicious buns workout with !!! Ahh good workout!!xD
Some people blind to what's in front
it didnt screw anything, it verified who could keep a relationship
Who got a ankle brace for they sahab?.. Lol cus I'm hoopin on this bitch!
good night sleep tight :)
RT : 4 yrs ago, states were focused on "proficient." Today 95% of students covered by #CCSS or other college ready stds.
been a long ass while since ive been on twitter.
I unintentionally read most of your journal a week or so ago. Didn't mean to, but got sucked in. Good stuff.
Spelling mistakes can ruin your life. Tre story one man sent this text to his wife, "I'm having a great time, wish you were her."”
that ain't a tattoo. That's an imprint because you passed out on top of the emblem
My honesty is one of my worst traits ... I come off "boujee" and "stuck up"
Great place to watch the game too RT : Von Trier. Still an east side treasure.
let's get weird halloween weekend.
“: check out MrSmooth.com for swimming form. Great site that will showcase proper form. #Triathlon #swimming” Thx!
Wow, that's awesome exposure. Congratulations!
thank you so much. :)
If #Brewers are done in July, who's the best young SS they could get for Greinke?
I'm higher than that thang walking down Western
Woo, I think I am finally recovered from Saturday's double-header. Thanks to everyone who came out!
you're funny lol
"Use their name 3x throughout presentation"
Meditation not only effects you, It impacts everyone around you.
Glad you can join us. RT I'm looking forward to the Young Pro event at tonight!
News you can use...Daylight saving time ends Sunday at 2 a.m. That's one extra hour at the bar for you
your welcome!
Learned a little more CSS today. When do I get to start calling myself a "coder" and not a "hack"?
Men think about sex every seven seconds. The rest of the time is spent trying to come with a lie when a woman asks "What are you thinking?"
PM - K3 said we learned how to make our answer to addition and subtraction of fractions into an equivalent fraction. Example 8/16 = 1/2
I spilled a lot of goldfish tonight..:(
where does all the time go?
a friend in grad school suggested that ur mother’s disapproval meant that you were heading in the right direction, it was art school, though
": got my earrings from today think umma wear a pair tomorrow and my pin too...:)" already? I just sent them!
Thank you
Last few hours for Free 13 mystery Kindle downloads by 13 authors for Friday the 13th:
it's gonna come back in and sting you in the ass!!! Hahaha
At the end of the day today, La Laterna closes it's doors forever. They are sweet people who make delicious food.
Ok! Shout out to all our #FloridaGator Alumni! Tim Tebow is now a #JET. #GatorNation #BouncewithUs!
I am following and have been.....
Tweaking the new site for the next few days...please keep your feedback coming!
Sweet Bro! Have fun!
Things like 6am team pictures are what really make me love swimming
Did you succeed at the Friday no stress challenge?
raiders going to Superbowl baby :-)
#fundraising+you know how to use #angellist they understand human psychology
Congrats on the FGOTW feature!! Go girl! You look amazing!
SAT today and I have the worst cold of my life.
Re/Your local bookstore: Good to hear, but I don't think we can use Vermont as a bellwether for any general U.S. trends :)
Thx for the #ff, great to see you on twitter again :-)
Jeanne love to hear about any examples of iPads in the corp classroom. Looking to pilot at SBDU
Finally got Twitter and Facebook hooked up again. I can resume the posting.
thank you sir!
It's in-friggin-tense on #meetthepress this morning.
Oh well, didn't see my tweets, but I will still help him trend! He is amazing!!!
Yes. :) Let me see if I still have your number... Is it the same?
is my best friend because he gave me 32 cents.
Ever get out of work so late and you can't wait to go home but when you get there you can't sleep.... Crap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I would like to meet media scholar John Merrill.
Just effing lower the drinking age already, so kids stop worrying about getting caught drinking by parents of the police and call for help.
I had to unfollow Paula Deen because she was unwilling to spell things correctly.
I watch The Karate kid is to listen to Never Say Never by my sexy man he a sexy ass 17 yr old too Sexyness much BIEBZ
Watching 'Hobo with a shotgun' this movie is so bad it's good
Music touches us on every level, congrates to Ludavig Bource for Best Original Score!!!
Celebrate Labor Day with new Sound Design Themes! Up now on #productionvault!
maybe I could smooth call it pre-Vegas. I think there's a 10/20 down there at palomar maybe I could come down around that game
Class, rehearsal, then a shoot tomorrow. What a good day!
So, hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
received my Diego sanchez shirt yesterday. Awesome will do business again
goes live with the Rome-News Tribune! Neybor provides enhanced real estate classified adverting on RN-T.com with syndication to more
Just got back into NYC LGA last night sad to leave CR but glad to be back.
follow me and i might follow you,(: rofl.
It's a Mom's World. We're all just livin' in it. Happy Mother's Day.
South Korea banned our scouts from its stadiums? BAH! That's like banning Stephen Hawking from step aerobics classes.
i tweeted my friends the video of zayn dancing and they're making fun of him. then my friend is watching him sing let me love you... oh.
<U+E310>HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDYB!!! <U+E310>
Euro crew will be insane tonite at !!!! get ready for rock it!
Excellent! Very true!
Off to get my work uniform.
no I wish
except for when they do.
sometimes I breathe heavily on conference calls for my own enjoyment.
and my book is at the 2,000,000 mark- so there's hope
Cup o noodles for the soul.
Brilliant violin recital by Anthony Chau
??? I thought you already had a blog?
Preparing for 3 GREAT EVENTS !
“: Multiple sources, including one inside UT football program, told me today Mack Brown will likely be forced out at Texas”
possible. shoot an email to 'kelly" or "erin" at swigmilwaukee dot com please. and thank you
I purchased #Marshall #Field #Frango #Chocolates as gifts...ready to go at the door..and I woke up to the boxes opened!! Ugh my son Joey!
Practice in a room with no windows or fans!
Sis!! Where have you been?? Miss you like crazy
I love waking up to cute texts #inlove <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Well I guess I had better get to bed. Got to get early to play golf in the morning.
Follow-on orphan therapies often receive more stringent regulated scrutiny due to safety concerns and perceived reduced need
Finally had time to refactor my code so it uses the Polyline geodesic property. Works perfectly. Thanks! Map coming soon.
hello all! Hootesuite hasn't been working for me too well... Getting caught up now :) great topic today!
Does this guy honestly expect Emily to him "Wolf?" What a jerk.
We will rise above the average, who is coming with us?
Thanks ! So fortunate to be selected to run the Nike Women's Marathon in SF this October with amazing friends & supporters!
they haven't determined cause of death they said. No trauma tho. 13 year old?
“ If I could freeze time, I'd freeze that moment when we're together.”
Seriously can't walk. In so much pain.
Yeah, uh...he's gonna need you to come in Sunday too...#tps RT Dang! wants me to work Saturday.
Why am I watching Pitt when Caps/NYR are on? Come to think of it, why am I watching Pitt when ANY hockey game is on?
Riding my new bus! it sucks!
THIS SuN 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If "U" Say "YES" what "I" want is "NEXT?" #Ultimatums call 626 657 2149
Ok never mind was right. Correia sucks more than a drunk Lacee Collins at the Clevelander
I took a hard loss, but I bounce right back, like a tennis ball that hit the wall
Gorgeous suit !
On my way to Illinois & finna be stuck there for a day
I think it means that you are embracing more of the masculine than you feel comfortable with.
He was begging Wendy to get better quickly, so that he could show her the mermaids
600,000-700,000 CreateJobs wrist bands sold so far. Equals 4,000 new jobs. Zero benefit to Starbucks - leading with values...
you donated it? Good for you...we've got a beater I hope we can donate soon. To them or goodwill.
Seems #COX has an unannounced outage affecting our phone lines. Please email us at if you're still unable to reach us.
keep going! And document it!
that sounds amazing! If I save some money i might take you up on that offer! How's the wedding planning coming?
So stoked to get my new camera in the morning! :-)
Got to use my begining spanish w a patient's husband this am, was able to understand but too intimidated to reply. Fun!
My ankle hurts.. I twisted it running weirdly to my grandmas and when I was at Sarahs :(
the wolfpack will be out tonight. come find us. we'll be in a historic building off marietta.
Welcome! We're here. RT : Going to the 12th Annual #pathstopartnership, will you be there?
Thanks!!! It's good to know what's going on.
I know. It doesn't matter its just preseason <U+263A>
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T My new followers I'm following back.
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to some of your work.
why do you have court lol
There is a man who looks like Keith Hernandez on a flight from DC to Seattle. Tempted to test him by throwing civil war facts at him.
The retina scan doesn't work for you?
Everyone follow my other account ((:
smh I didn't say you....
'Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster.' Think that would make a good epitaph for me. Maybe I'm in a bad mood.
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT OUR GREAT DEALS ONLINE!!!
SHE NEEDS A NAP NOW LOL ITS ALMOST 6 Tho.
"Black Diamond" is still my favorite Replacements song.
long weekend is over :(
Started at 1, told myself I'd read for a half hour.. It's been 2 and a half. I'm obsessed.
“: Still havnt saw the avengers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
STOP SENDING HATE TO NIALL'S FRIEND ALI!!! you bunch of beotches!! Jeez :/ theyre just friends and even if they were dating be happy.
Meta World Peace on Conan.
It wasn't clear in my first tweet at all. Don't feel bad.
there's not enough minutes in an hour
k thank u beach Luv u miss u call me lol
I did some field peas and rice, with beans, mac pie & some pork to boast those testosterone levels RT : Hm what's for lunch??
I had to Google that but it only made that funnier. :)
I dont really speak spanish ova here in ny we say it to guys/girls as fun/puts on vest run to hide pulls out 2macs
Wth is Brown starting Ebanks! He's f terrible. We definitely need back or this series is probably over!!!
Today I'm working on my performance evaluation paperwork, which entails taking stock of a lot of my past, including student evaluations.
Roses r red, flowers r blue, i think im in love, but baby its with u:))
Good luck to you too Larissa!
pooper scooping my yard while Jake is doing the Lord's work in Guatemala.
It's national burger month. Let the #BurgerGames begin!
We can absolutely get it trending! How about #S&AWedWknd? you down with our hashtag?
why ": It's #WeaveWednesday & #Stars4Trayvon Day! Please join The Family of Trayvon Martin
tell Clark I said haaiiii ~
that sounds like such a healthy and delightful dinner :p
If your dog is not cool w/other dogs, please don't take them to the dog park. If my 80lb bulldog can behave himself, so can your lil' brat!
Going to the library on a Saturday on Cinco de Mayo should be illegal.
A dog almost bit my hand off for a piece of popcorn
A lot of sun and fun
Love the hairdo. But U look like you should eat a sandwich. R U really at Norwescon? #jealous Pics, or it didn't happen.
thumbs up. I wish I was at a game instead of work events in Charlotte. Well, not entirely true. Just wanna be at the game.
I keep telling myself to be upbeat and it is not working.
Bye Pride and Prejudice :D
A 6am spin class on Thursdays is really only for the
If you're interested in the Zagat job, I can put you in touch with the editor. This temporary position is for experienced writers/editors.
It's whenever necessary and today wasn't one.
You would think Purdue could have faster computers.
RT : What an inspiration you are! So happy for all your accomplishments....hope you win it all! Amen!
Listening to Dr Bridget Landry talk about the Dawn mission.
!! live her
We can always ask! And I guess the long-term usefulness of smartphones > that of many textbooks.
My day has been incredibly entertaining today.. I even seen a old redneck woman with a cain cuss about another old woman while doin a jig.
Right! Hopefully they see this and consider it hahaha c:
thank you
In 2008, more than one-in-four people (27.7 percent) living in rented housing units lived in a different residence one year earlier.
UW offense puts up 56 points (in regulation).... And loses by 11!
#dailyfeedback Songs for The Pirates' Opening Day to kick off a good baseball season! Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
So glad I got motivated and out on my bike, and the bonus was that I got all my checks deposited in the bank too winner!
Get ready for another great 1
Whatcha up to? Thnx for following :)
Baby monkeys?
Not feeling too well :/
Bloated on sushi goodness
Is soo ready to be done!
That day cannot come soon enough. I miss you already!
right! I can't wait to give someone dysentery right before they get to Cali. NO DANK BUDS FOR YOU
Good Morning
For every video you sent me ... when I check the statistics ... they are all popular in USA <3
going to play with the "KUbrick" my smarty, look for some apps, then drift back to sleep.
do you eat local honey? that's helped me adjust to a bunch of different spring climates
Umm could Minneapolis get any better. Walked in2 D'AMICO & they offer us 2 comp ticks 2alvin ailey dance across the street 2nite!
congrats man! keep it up!
I didn't know that women went to spin class wearing jeans skirts...
hahaha of course your best friend!!:)
Busy but fun day One-of-a-kind bathroom remodel including sink, tile, cabinet and paint for 100 bucks. Possible? Yes.
Fail!!! You replied to yourself lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Looking for a little Friday night #kickassfiction? Tune in to #Grimm tonight at 9pm on NBC
You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.
all of them!! Esp the pair with the bows!
I didnt think I was following you at first. lol jw :)
School is more important than my health? Yeah this is why I hate you.
Yeah and Tulo isn't normally accurate either, right?
I hate when people say "awk". Like wtf, are you a moron?
I just (secretly) want to be one of your ex-backing dancers. I copied moves
That will be fun. Enjoy your visit with the parents.
That's how I roll. No, that's how I rauhl.
It's time for the to get Rich a Twitter intern. All news from this morning's skate has already been broken by other media.
#FF Who tells it like it is and won't tolerate "in the closet" hypocrisy.
Nice! Well written. And not but not least he deserves it!
I can vouch that did a phenomenal job at #amasummit discussing the #multipliers principles :-) Very inspiring!
*~just watched da talent show shit was gud n hilarious...~*
Chillin at wait to get lined up
Looking forward to being in the crowd tonight for Game 2, vs. Go Blue and Gold!
FREE Cooking Demo on Wed at Clifton,its featuring Virginia. Call 434 971 1800 for info and details
what's up!?
nick- introducing me :)
selena fans can get frustrated in this photo :D
I did have my iPhone w/ me, so it wasn't a total computer/web detox.
how old is he?? I hate to even mention it but "Benadryl"..that was a whisper i the wind yo heard ok>
The shake weight is my best friend
Softball game, then with my boy <U+2665>
Tell everyone that #scout and #imore are way awesome. Then I'll play until I fall asleep on the screen
We own twitter #GOSPURSGO RT : Do Spurs fans use twitter?
please hook it up!
Thanks for joining us. We had a great time.
Happy birthday to me! Lol
SUP BRO...MAN I JUST STARTED USING THIS TWITTER SHIT...LOL
Finish photoshoot at Pier 39 San Francisco
Just Unliked all the Hype!
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask. ;)
You're honestly the most inspiring person.<U+2665> You give me hope.<U+2665>
I said it last year. DBacks have marginal talent. Got lucky w/ several career years at the same time last year.
ARE YOU ROLLING NOW KENNETH??? IM Hyped too! At Johnny's and gonna get this client!
Dear girl in this photo, #FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR #fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
Ah, that was this weekend! Safe travels :)
Life is a bitch and a slut... It's easy
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY:1884's Horse Act; Treas Sec issues rules for attys & agents- precursor of today's tax preparer registration.
bro its too early for this lmao
Lol. I just listened to it today for the first time; hot!!
I heard a larger jet, and saw one F15. I couldn't tell if I heard a second fighter jet or if I was hearing an echo.
I now officially have the worse nickname ever omg
<U+200F>RT If you have a podcast, radio show or webinar, would you kindly consider captioning it for deaf and hard of hearing folks?
why its not like you can dance or anything lol jkjk
u look amazing :)
Stomach still feels a bit weird, but no puking today. Phew.
The feeling is mutual! I'm looking forward to more visits!
Hey friends! We are brainstorming for new products... Would anyone be interested in hand-crafted headbands?
I will be playing solo piano at F Scott's Feb. 7th!
did you see the sailboat?
So excited for our team. Won the Silver Bernays Award for Reputation/Brand Management on behalf of at
- Thank you for following TDF Limousine. Your family & blog is beautiful (gave a Top Mommy vote).
Hi Hooligan! Thank you for following me <U+2665>
RIP MCA. You inspired me to keep on fighting. Wether it be Fighting For My Right To Party or Fighting Cancer.. <3
Im gone remember. They just came right in and locked it?
Lara Quigaman changed her dress. I love the color! Green. :).
Well there goes that plan. How about before work for a stiff drink? Or just coffee? Or after for a stiff drink?
Morn: Ballard Coffee Works, : baby nettles & fiddleheads from Foraged & Found & killer cookie frm
Purple penguin <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
U knew that they could have pulled out there Lawn Mowers and realy Shaved u head right!!!!!!lol
It's 11 o'clock on the dot I'm in the same spot, sitting on the couch....
thanks so much!
I have two Flyers tickets for Tuesday the 31st against the Jets, $45 a ticket, face value is $91 a ticket, first come first serve
pilates is always more difficult in the morning
Android phone, why you love to throw in unwanted commas?
The MUST do more 2 endear themselves 2 community. It's HORRIBLE 2 hear how loudly opposing team fans cheer @
can we switch twitter names?
“ “ “ If you get the chance to leave the hood then leave but don't forget where you came from”””
Could work. Or Reffie Trinket?
What TJs do you go to? In West Hollywood, they keep some cold by the juices.
Congratulations to my sister and all UCSF medical school graduates! I really enjoyed the speakers and the ceremony.
I thought Lana Del Rey was good last night. It's a weird song and a fresh sound. And the strings on the record were cut
Good morning everyone!
Never get attached.
It's true GDocs is way nice... do you use the whole suite? I use spreadsheets and docs, but I've seen cool uses of forms too...
we can't wait to *hear* what you come up with at our Spring Fair.
Some of the most generous things people can do are those which you don't ask for
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Remembering Sunday (featuring Juliet Simms) - All Time Low
Thank you for your #pcbw sponsorship!
Today's Flatbread: Pork Tenderloin w/ sun dried tomato, spinach & mozzarella Soups: Creamy Coconut & Celery or RaspberryHazelnut Gazpacho
Looking forward to making it out to Palo Alto this week for the Stanford Mobile Health Conference. Anyone else attending?
Hey, that's me! :) Thank you for talking to us..and putting up with the wind/rain. Really enjoyed meeting your traveling trio.
Essays essays essays... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
22:46 I just prayed for revival and reformation in the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Join me 7 days a week, at 7 a.m. and p.m. bit.ly/erhT8n
grade my effing exam, accounting nazi!
Love is like a rainbow: the more you see it, the more you realize what a miracle it really is
I did but she was confused about a coupon so I gave it her anyway
Yea my feeling hurt a Lil but its cool so if u want me to stop texting u or calling u just say so I promise I'm try my best not to call
bitch what u doin
Oklahoma is not Verizon country
Joe wanted to book you in Chicago with Mully & Hanley on 670 The Score ?
Wait - where did you see strawberries? Which farmers?
This is embarrassing so far #Packers. Smoke and mirrors all season?
yea I watched the news
I can't help that I am who I am , I can change but please don't make let me be who I am just once I wanna be me an have them like me for me.
They should have put your name & company under your image though...stinks that you don't who any of the people are!
well hello early summer :D
oh-- sorry. These didn't get emailed to me. Sunday works for me too. Menu requests/suggestions?
Buckhead on my top five places NOT to go..
I could eat an entire large Donatos' pizza by myself...in one sitting easily.
Oh, & quoting soldier boi might earn u an unfollow too! -_-
thanks Jess! You launched me & I'll forever value that!
fuck a bitch ;P
morning y'all! hope everyone has a day full of smiles and laughter :)
Our mission is to provide more direct opportunity for artists we will be inviting collectors to directly contact artists for art
why am I frozen? like to the core.
just announced some west coast dates in late may... Will be announcing USA tour dates very soon! Where are you?
Show you the way love supposed to be :)
Distance is just another test.
yeah i like follow me please
My god, you are hilarious. RT : Congratulations! Where did he ask you?
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the "unable to contact facebook" msg now that I upgraded? I have not been able to get login.
Finally home.. Been on the streets since 7:30.. Gonna make some breakfast then do some cleaning.. Busy day ahead of me
why is term limits a partisan issue? Why more Republican support? Vlad: perhaps a belief that less govt. will result.
Shoutout to & follow :D
What am I supposed to do when he wants to take his life.?!
He can't even throw a strike
it was great to hang with you on sunday!
we ARE pretty Hi-Lar-I-Ous!
Also, see the Sean Connery movie 'Outland' (which is basically 'High Noon' in space).
Ok I've been called beautiful twice today. I can live with this.
yay!! I can't wait until you get out here and we can all hang out!
Aww Thank You!!
Every time a Mad Men recap mentions the Stones were playing in Forest Hills, I feel a little bit cooler.
Tea bags brought to a boil & removed from the pot tend to drip & eventually dry up -that's what I expect from this movement.
Crazy busy weekend. Have to schlepp all the way to Queens later for a Christening! Ugh
no remember I saw you yest...we kidnapped the chef at loco poco, I think we might be asking for too much ransome $$
at home y?
Get show services 10-30 days before.Best to order 30+ days prior to save on costs- if you wait to the day, floor price can be 10-20% higher.
What should I be for holloween??(:
I wish I had more UK friends so they could gift me shit that's on their iTunes but not in the US iTunes store. Grr.
Tonight we are young.<3
Never too late!
is poppin' for a Tuesday night. Families, tourists, & locals alike. across the street looks forlorn by comparison.
Strangely enough, I only know a few facts about him. Hmm. Guess I better read something!
Just dropped my car off to get fixed
#SignsYouLostAFight the other person didn't even notice you were having an argument
Greenpeace protesters plead guilty in protest at Skyland plant - Asheville Citizen-Times
Well, the wardrobe is consistent anyway. :D
We love your logo, looks great! :-)
I'm trying to understand this cray cray shit..... Lol.. Miss ya
My friend dared me to use a highlighter all Day. Aha.
bring the old armadillo for street cred but you must buy a new one to get in. Funds go to SCC scholarship :)
- hey, thanks for the RT. missed you in austin :)
follow for awesome quotes, a DM to and and a SHOUTOUT+FOLLOW BACK(:
We just totally Rick Rolled the bar....best night evah!
haha ik! It's not all my fault tho... My phones sucks and doesn't let me see what I sent.
Who is going to the show on Saturday?! We are so stoked to play with all the bands! :D
#cil11 So far nothing terribly innovative and no data on how effective NIST's approaches have been. Wish I had gone to the data viz session
love to help you get hard!!
He didn't mention anything new to me.
just helped H to submit a caption for the New Yorker caption contest.
Julius Caesar, Henry II and Napoleon all had a fear of cats (ailurophobia), and would nearly faint in the presence of a cat.
i want too but thats hella expensive lol but part of me wants to splurge cause how often do i get to see pro-bball players?
October/Atlanta, Yes.
Goodnite twitter God bless!!
we might stop by for your wine tasting tonight
because maddie wasn't fighting with anyone claire started it and I'm trying to end it because maddie doesn't deserve this.
My eyes are always greener after a good cry. Guess its the human version of a rainbow after a storm.
Haha!! I know how ur pops be going off
great quote!
My sleep schedule has sadly enough become 4 AM-noon. I'm not proud. But waking up at 9AM tomorrow shall be quite the bitch.
Who's already purchased their tickets?
does anyone at UMW have one of those car battery chargers? For idiots like me?
Will "The Social Network 2" detail how Facebook has become a less desirable place to visit than a Mexican hot dog factory?
your tinychat was fun!! you should do it more often!
good, i just got back from my boyfriends c: <333 you?
Wear a watch and you'll always know what time it is
Really love how my two favorite shows are overlapping tonight!! #criminalminds #thewalkingdead Paget Brewster on Talking Dead!!! <3
Ready money is ready medicine.
Five solutions by could double production, cut environment damage in half.
Let's get those bartenders up here.
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do. -French
Working on a new video.... Everyone is invited to be a part of it. More info to come.
Taboo2 Tonight Ladies Free All Night.
lol i bet
How a dog going take care of a next dog ? Hmm!!! Lol
You are a tremendous warrior and role model! Good luck with the next part of your life!
It's art, of course.
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
My cats freak me out! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I need to achieve things...acting things....and fast! I need $4,000 NOW....$6000 would be even better!hm
Bulls in the 4th look like the Magic in the 3rd!
Love the weekends!!
Going back and listening to mine and 's voxer message. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> drunk ass niggah.
Me:thers nuthin ta eat mom:there's a choco bunny in the fridge Me: o shit I 4gt bout that Mom:don't make urself sick (6hrdltr) me: I'm sick
no way?! see you on the 24th love
HOLY CRAP. This is like, the hardest decision ever, choosing between the two covers for Boyfriend. But I think...
Please.Fire.Mike.Brown.
F.E.A.R = Fu*k Everything And Run.
are you trying to move students downtown, or give people coming downtown ways to get around?
Praying for the #NEXT category Please RT to help out.
don't tell Me You went last night
"Why are we so interested in Zombie attacks? If there is a possibility for a Zombie attack, we must prepare."
Oh I'm convinced. I just have to pack and get all my books and photo equipment across the country. Road Trip!!!!
You're asking stupid, pointless questions. It's a waste of my time to answer. The POTUS is an American citizen. Period.
That is pretty awesome
Q. What did the blind man say as he passed the fish market? A. Good morning girls.
Ill sleep when Im dead
What is the Best Rock song of all time?
If she hasnt had her period yet....
Its a beautiful day to be cruisin' in my Red Ford Mustang. $$. Who cares GAS PRICES are high. I'm not paying. YOU ARE! HAHA.
Spring Break is coming up - give us a call to check on your school's delivery schedule.
I would love to do a SE Asia cruise to see a ton of places at once- it would be the trip of a lifetime!
day four stuck in bed w/ meds & soup. Pretty positive I have cabin fever at this point! skraight up
Thanks for the follow! We heart The Counter here at #Treater!
Good morning, i hope your day is perfect.
and I bet that's an understatement! Haha
the lineman may be blocking well, but if you never "hit the hole" you never will get any yardage...
when you are at your lowest, look up!!! and when you are at your highest, take a second to look down!!
I think it souns like you need the keys to the city.
Good Afternoon! Have a Fabulous Friday.....Spread Love!
Yep. Just sent you a DM asking where you are at.
Issue summons to Facebook through e-mail: Court
At least pretend like your not a slut, you must want everyone to know
Nothing like a good sleep after way too much work
I love to fight wit her cuz ill make up for it all night ;)
Can twins be gay?
I feel you Tess. match one soon miss.
just on here and on my way home!(:
i told you not to call me bro -___- & yeah wiff yo' eye closed xD
Plot for perfection
You got it! So happy for you - I was your reader yesterday. I think I deserve partial credit for this :) CONGRATS!
Appreciate That RED
I Don't Care Who Like Or Dislike Me, That Shit Was Suppose To Make Me Mad? Or CHANGE? Nah"
Old Navy Outerwear Super Sale!! All coats 50% off PLUS save an additional 30% with this coupon in stores or online!!
#jobcreators MT : Accd to Walker's new jobs #s did amazingly well in MKE. 96% of empls increased workforce
Read it! wrote a great #book--I just hope my book review (that I still need to write) will do it justice.
The Sun and Moon can't shine light on a dark mind.
One reads in a bar because the words of the others are unpalatable. Still, the reader desires to read the words of the others, nonetheless.
yes! Lol nice one
me babe
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist, Frank Tony style Ill send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
tweet! tweet twwwweeeeet!
I like to watch babe porn : is that pig porn?
can't wait to see you babe. 4 more hours
You're welcome! ;D
There were a lot of poetic justice braids in the building last night....where do you even go to get those done?
Read my last Tweat and tell me if I should? lol
Amen...Brooklyn or Bust at this rate...
I hope your groundhogs day was as fabulous as mine was<3 mine was pretty fab though (: hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
back in the USA ... great trip, but SO happy to see my boys!!
Reading tweets from #saa11 and wishing I was there. Next year, , next year!
I hate the way the announcers say his name, too -- Poon-to.
Got some at the Banff Mtn Film Festival over the weekend, looking forward to giving it a try.
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Wow! Lucky you! Do they perform a lot over there?
I didn't realize that NHL refs get to be baseball umpires during their time off
DailyHookahTip#66: Check out the new washable hoses , less than $10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
If we can now send a man to the moon, why not send all of them?
Damn lost all 3 bets for nba playoffs and a bunch of blind plo flips... had spurs, okc, and Portland moneylines. I'm prob a fish
outstanding, thanks for responding & letting me know. Luke hit a big dagger 3 for Cavs last night, looks like he's settling in
The shit annoys TF outta me!
Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ? Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith?
I certainly did.
I'm going to be an arrogant bitch and say you should feel blessed at my presence
haroses made/rents already ignoring me/off to Chinese 4 dinner/ah Passover!
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD) announced that Dr. Barry Selick, CEO, is scheduled to present at the 2011 Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference in NYC
HI CHER AND NIALL! How are you both!?
Forgot my mug today which made my coffee twice as expensive then normal :(
I love it when you tweet!!
aww I'm sorry girl:( so why don't you have your license?
See, the knowledge is in the books!! Documentaries are like books but without all the reading and research.
He's contrarian. It's what he does. I also think he's speaking to a larger group of fans-we definitely have whiners.
The #Buckeyes are on to the Elite 8 after their 81-66 win against Cincy. #1 Syracuse is up next. O-H !!!
When doesn't tweet, I think the poor wench has died.
when do you get out ??
Congrats to the #BaylorBears on winning the women's #NCAA championship.
Want to help us out with a Fox59 Face Off? Come on and argue against the gun bill that would let guns in LOS. Msg me!
May 11 is deadline for LA Archaeological Institute of America undergrad fieldwork scholarship apps. Message me for an app if interested.
Happy New Year 2012
action item is there
when can you come to Waco,TX and Selena Gomez is coming to Baylor in Waco,TX YYAYAYYAYAYAY!!!!! :) Hope you see this! RT
wall street isn't a business, but yes that's the way biz works, more profit means u can expand your business
2 on and nobody out for Prince. Tie it up for the NL please.
#thankyoubulls for a great season!
It's Tuesday and you are tired of your old car. Here at #ParkroseAutoCenterllc we help you update your vehicle. So join us today!
Hakeem Nicks everyone. Wow.
compl agree which is y I said, it comes in ones own time.
yall still recording bro
RT Hope u get a chance 2 read this but can u hook me up with a few of Crookeds HHW acapellas? Im only missi...
They don't see it as a war on women b/c they've been taught that it's God's will that men rule women. Very twisted.
Not a successful night monetarily, but a great way to go out before the rapture.
do u watch smosh nd if so who is better ian or anthony or both??????
I was at that seminar too. Great talks by all the speakers!
Watching pigeons at Lake Ella. You cannot comprehend how happy I am.
What are you eating?
Sauteed it cubed, twice. The second time I added nutritional yeast to the last minute or two of cooking time. Yum!!
Aw thanks!! :) xoxo
Ok can't tweet. Too Glued to TV
. continues to charge the public for its own negligence // Court petition: Utility responsible for wildfire insurance ()
Aw, you are so sweet. You too, Lisa!
I hate men that string u along... If u don't want me don't text me or comment on my fb activity... just disappear !!!
Even with his damning history, #Romney is still the strongest candidate the Right could produce. What does that say about the party?
Go caps!
Just attended the annual event put on by and - 6 years of a great event - can't wait for year 7
umm, I don't want to be reading this..
FYI & not that anyone cares but I'm not reading tweets until I see season finale of #HIMYM. Don't want to see any spoilers.
Congrats and good luck to you!
being yourself just isnt enough anymore. You gotta take a step out your boundary and think outside the box.
Wasteland still (c) in UK and Europe
we can also take the remote control #StanlyTumnus and chase down kids with uncreative costumes
Hate working out by myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
'twas epic :) Can't wait for the next time they come around!
You are an amazing role model! I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you! <333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
4 more followers until i prove my brother tht #Arinators stand together!! he thinks the whole #ArianaArmy is stupid! Ughh i cant stand him!
I need some "fuck you" music.
Dan Gladden is the only thing standing between Cory Provus and an exceptional broadcast team for the Twins radio network.
or STD, something that each cast member of jersey shore has
Hey it's Shelby and I just queefed. Peeyouu. More like me C; luvuuuu.
looking @ SF lineup tonite facing Zack Greinke and I'm thinking 3 runs might be more than enough, hope I'm wrong as Melky singles w/2 outs
ya you did hahaha. Lets meet up at the end of the concert! And maybe the middle. If a break
sup chick
Woke up this morning with
you are such an inspiration to so many people :) never forget that!
Yes I mite as well just go fully gay cause these Boys just do to much
hm... I wonder if is giving anything away for #ala12. I wish they'd mention it or something :-)
my brother was just on my twitter. bitch better not follow me. i mean it. don't you dare.
I was trolling the message boards on ESPN in the hockey section and my god are the Philly people whiners.Everyone is against them apparently
Oh shot its Fusion Frenzzzyyyy
I'M HERE FOR THE REBOUND
please follow
They told me I had type-A blood, but it was a Type-O.
ah :x
Lady confession on The Bachelor - "I wish it was just over and done with and we were just going to the grocery store right now."
always hopeful! Also my first name is Hope. :)
Wow thanks and good morning RT : burrito beach _ west egg _ Einstein bagels &lt;--- best places to eat at n Chicago!
Hit sports then more sports you will see NASCAR. then NASCAR live. Some PA station
I wake up with Money on ma Mind so ma Goal is to get this Money
do people still go to bonaroo?
#UN gen sec Ban Ki-moon will appoint a special representative for #youth .
Ever time I watch a video of 1D they make me happy and my day better:)
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. Willa Cather
Thanks for the follow Nicole! And the blog is coming along quite nicely!
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Men with a snobby voice tone
Night Twitter.
shot me out of the sky your my kryponite
NP: Master Cylinder - Jung at Heart, Channel 53 on Sirius always bumpin those funky hipster jams!
thanks Eden, we'll see. it's just like, ugh, I'm killing myself for you guys + this is the payback? I don't get it...
where did u 2 go
thanks u too!
Nice, let see!
When I'm famous, , , and Justin Bieber will be my bestfriends. End. Of. Story. <3
About to see the Capitol Steps in DC. The average age of the audience appears to be 60. and I are Tearing. It. Up.
Express your identity and tell your story
Not sure yet I'll text you later...
Follow us on Twitter!
Any success stories out there using Foursquare for loyalty programs? Would love to hear your details/results.
Do you love to excel? I believe all of us do
ready for a free phone, make it #krushmas for me!
21.38 THE GREATEST in the world. No doubt. King.
I agree and that's why I would have traded him! Its a honor to be a Laker. If guys don't get it get rid of them!
Still got it. Amazing run after 4 days off
I'm half way thru We Need A Resolution and 4 Page Letter. I think I have an addiction. Trippin off Aaliyah. Ima need more acapellas soon. <3
RIP ANDY WHITEFIELD for you are with GOD and will live on.
Bro, we're not going to agree on many, if any, things regarding the Lakers.
its Aj. I never moaned n shit loll. I legit came twice in the 2 years that I had sex with her Lmao. Why moan? lol.
The most potent muse of all is our own inner child. --Stephen Nachmanovitch
One of these days, I'll get it right.
Come check out surrendervegas this weekend only
RT - Lloyd is the Cleveland Indians mascot.
Thanks for the post and mention!
ADELE'S DONUT BRINGS ALL THE LOGANS TO THE YARD
I agree they should be punished, and punished severely. My job is to make sure it's the right person and mitigate the
I found Kauai more relaxing and easier to get around. Maui has a more rugged terrain with Haleakala and the road to Hana.
Jon Koncak and Jeryl Sasser. Welcome to the rich tradition that is SMU there Larry Brown. Far cry from your other CBB jobs (UCLA & Kansas)
Ha. Sorry. I saw a license plate yesterday and thought of you... it said "Hey-Oh" :)
S/O to pretty gurl representative
At Late Night With And The Boys ! :)
Don’t expect to finance $25,000.00 with no money down for 60 months at $400.00/mo. Even at 0% interest
hahaha...sorry.Hey, sorry I haven't called back this evening. Got caught up w/ shit & was exhausted. Will call tomorrow! xo
You are very welcome :)
Looking for a three column wordpress theme with video capabilities in the header. Anyone???
I am in LOVE with 's song "Outlaws of Love" It is so beautiful!!!!
please! :) inspire me to finish my paper
everyone i hope you know im not the official angel. this is kind of a fan twitter for her. #NoHate my real twitter is (:
I had a weird ass dream last night
Yeah! Tampa beats Caps 4-2. Thanks for that!
Emerald City
My damn eyes burning
Judge Payne: "It's not just managing to data, it's wisely using the data to help our workers with their critical thinking"
#siba12 & The Project are going to be fun! And for #StephenKing try audio. The Breathing Method was under 3 hrs & CREEPY
Vanderbilt&#39;s starting pitchers starting to find their groove after rough start
yep for my new church. but not as much as i used to.
Just want someone to treat me the way I deserve to love me and be there for me whenever I need them and not lie
This is legit the 3rd time this year I have a friend in the hospital because of an eating disorder.
Lmaoooo RT : blah too much work ill wait till mine breaks
RT : Inspired by the story and birth of Portland's From Stash Tea, to Tazo Tea, and now Smith Tea...
Last week for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies! Starting on #BlackFriday 11/25 we start Egg Nog and Chocolate Peppermint
Thanks for sharing #FAAW link via
Just bought the Obey and Supreme leopard print snapback C:
Hi everyone! I remembered two weeks in a row..a new record for me hehehe
Please follow >>>>
I would take green over Perkins too
Jordan Hill beating these niggas up like he did his wifey
Foreverfly is so fly......How fly is it?????
Why does Rosemary have to snore though?
Good Morning! Happy Tuesday :) !!!
Skechers got fined $40 million for false advertisements saying that Shape Ups make you get a fat ass
I fucking LOVE that #DailyPillz joint. The beat is perfect.
Thanks For Following!!
don't tell anyone, but I made it up
A little Voodoo Magic comming to Deli..Wednesday's sampling party will feature LOCAL Voodoo Brewing, winners of Best Brewery @ Erie Brewfest
Wish we could attend #SXSW this year, but we wish everyone luck and to have A BLAST!! We'll be there next year! ;)
but the funny thing is they think it's cute
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they $315<-----I'm still done
Save the date! #StopSDGEPowerlink rally is coming on March 7!
ya sure, when ya feeling better?
That's so cool! Sure wish we could've made it, def next year!
was just about to say the same thing. Also, pitching is always better in the beginning of the season.
would have won the dunk contest going away with his dunk over a REAL defender tonight.
Lily says: “I can speak five languages; six if you count gibberish.”
That's not just , it's all Pennsylvanians. Fred Waring had notoriously expensive walrus tusk veneers.
Off to the Florida Funniest Comedian contest semifinals In mode & in great spirits! Hope to put on a show and get some work! ///
we do like to throw stones and shit at other people , its human nature...
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you.
I was raised never show a girl how you really feel...i learned my lesson many times but i still do
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Really don't want to do this essay . Z
Mark 9:23: Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
going to Disney World next month, work and then a mini vaca with - CANNOT WAIT!
&& that's where I quoted South Park and said "It's my hot body and I'll do what I want!"
#goofynewsteases - "How I move my eyebrows a special way when I look in the camera... at 10."
Can one of those Oscar nominated sound editors fix the mic?
100% agree. For us, assn's challenge is how to provide spaces for more change to happen and in a cost effective way.
I don't find that awkward
If my mom buys me tickets iwill love her even more.
Its gorgeous out & I have nothing to do
already in the mail as of yesterday, sunshine. You can still knife someone in celebration.
I honestly have no idea how Bobby Valentine got the Red Sox gig. Does he have nude pics of Larry Lucchino? That is the ONLY explanation.
Butler recruit Kellen Dunham will play No. 5 Kokomo in the 3rd place game of the Hall of Fame Classic at 6. Locally televised on WHNB 40.
im watching Stomp the Yard...dear Jesus i want to cry
For fans, the has their new Thrones podcast up. Great way to refresh before Season 2.
I'm weaning myself from the Faceass network. Using this to vent.
Congrats! RT : Just had a buyer call off my monthly real estate statistics blog... BYU Statistics Professor... he was impressed!
“: when I have babies can you babysit?”>>yes ma'am! But I'm warming u..I'd they r bad I will beat them<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
DON'T WORRY I LOVE YOU!!!(:<3
Bout to get me and my sis a chello lol
that's more like it!!
That was a much needed 3-day weekend
heh :) actually we have zero ulta's in nyc! how lame is that!?
Beautiful day for the #MilnesWedding @
Want to visit Hawaii Norwegian has great deals including airfare! Come sail away on Norwegian Pride Of America! Details contact me!
Living up to your expectations is a good feeling
Well I am going to get back to trying to make extra $$ & downsize...hope I don't get ticked & feel the need to come on & vent!:)
booth. Man, Batman Arkham City Lockdown... Drool.
Definetly gonna tweet more today lol :) I have homework to do tho which sucks so I'll try my best :p
I'm so excited during the summers to see teachers excited about learning. Wish there were a better way to carry wkshp experiences into Feb.
But they are trippin. Cant take the attitude when I've been on the #grind all day.
#WhenIGetBored i tweet.. duh
And tonight ill fall asleep with you in My heart :/
Everyone's running around saying yolo but Drake's not getting any additional sales out of it. Most people don't even know what it's from. :/
. I forgot about ! Thanks... 2000! has about 5700 digits.
Katie and I planned that shes marrying James Franco&I'm marrying Dave,and then we'll be sister in laws.yup.
Been listening to continuously for days now... Haha :)
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION™
I know!!
w funky as the the the DOC
and someday BF and Randy Moss will retire with a sum total of 1 Super Bowl ring between the two HOFers.....
“A promiscuous person is a person who is getting more sex than you are” -- Victor Lownes
Hey, thanks! I just checked out your blog - I have multiple favorite pens, too. Some may/may not be stolen from co-workers...
Playing around with my new 32gig 3Gs Iphone!!
I just added this film to my netflix queue - can't wait to watch it. Thx for tweeting info.
yes it is! and off the team for 3 days. you have some haters girl
haha I was just playin, we're going back in an hour. see you fools tmrw tho let's cheeel
you make it so much worse by the shit u say.
Being that it has yet to happen, your future is flawless...how will you step into it.
m I want some. My dinner tonight sucked
omg I'm I the only one who totally heard bebo's number clearly?
Good night everyone
haha in the past hour I was watching Grease with my mom lol
i agree. i realize that i'm really happy when i go someplace new at least once a month. far or close. i think it's important.
This bitch is ridiculous, How dare you get your Bf's phone & Go off on his BbyMomma just because she sent you a pic of your daughter at prom
RT : We should plan a couples skeet shooting wknd! It would b wickedly wonderful 2 watch Marca & I school u...
I'm trying it...so far finding it a bit disconcerting to see, for example, that is in the document RIGHT NOW! :)
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 16
It's going well!!! How about you? How's Summer treating you?
American history lesson happening now on VH1.. I was about 7 yrs old when this happened.
excited to see Sharon Jones & the Dap Kings! they put on a helluva show!
thanks Jameson! every tweet helps!
RIP Adam YAuch
“: Oh, you're the real Slim Shady? Please... Stand up.” hahahaha
Last time I checked, Klout said I was "influential" on robots. Now it's warriors. Are 12-yr olds following me?
Here we go Ozzie...I'll take the OL from Georgia or Upshaw. That is, if you care who I want.
zero: the number of students who laughed at the bake sale joke. srsly?
Yay! Nothing beats a shiny new Mac (at work, that is).
The #difference between #porn and #art? A government grant xoxo-Rabbit
I hope Zuckerberg adds 'blue outline' as an option.
Dismissing someone as a "hater" seems to be the preferred defense mechanism of the thin-skinned and the fraudulent.
The most common #job in the U.S. in the 1890's was a farmer. Today it is a #salesman. -U.S. Census
I'm just scared! LoL
Hungry....i'm headed to Blue Ginger for a snowy lunch
It depends on many factors. But it may be possible.
I used to drive & park at the STL airport just to get They're now available at YES!
What nice neighborhoods put out their garbage on Thursday nights? I need stuff. Yes, I'm serious. I'm this broke.
haha if your lucky :P
girl I miss you!! I'm back in Chicago we should def catch up sometime!
hey! How are ya!
A good workout deserves good fuel- bc I've got PiYo yet tonight! Fantastic #trx workout this afternoon! Japanese
": IM SINGING TOMORROW AT R&B LIVE!!! IN SHERMAN OAKS, CA AT 10PM!! #TEAMSUPERHERO" :( Wish I was in LA #BOOM!
only if you're driving on the road at the same time.
If I was your butthole I'd nver let you poop
:) not much wbu?
when will we be getting lunch?
Like.. Who dance battle?
» Talking to an old friend makes you realize how much your life has changed.
Working on a song about the civil war for school
OK! Great idea.
glad to have been there for you! Happy Friday!
On my way to my sister's dance recital! Go Tinsley!!
Sorry to see your series end. As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community. Great five years. :-)
I'll likely get a little time in tomorrow but not much haha
13.5 hours until I leave for my surprise!!!
DOT DOT DOT is back bar tonight & tomorrow night, they never seem to disappoint us!
isn't letting me request invite via twitter button. Keeps crashing out of APP.
"analogous" is a funny word.
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners. - Laurence Sterne
I'm meeting Nick Mara b4 school starts yay!! ilml
I'd rather try and fail, than regret never having tried, and living the rest of my life thinking "What If?"
Trying to have a good time at #chuy's in Louisville, but the wait is long and the service slow.
Dinner started @ 6 and we're still at it. I've lost track of the course count. Fantastic!
holler @ me sometime. I'd love to come play yalls spot.
Stop it. Stop. He is too adorable jeruewtr
when you get spare pages taped in at the Embassy in SEAsia it's free!
Heading out to LA tomorrow for an audition at #USC...prepared and ready for my 10 minutes of the spotlight
Wow! Portugal vs. N. Korea tomorrow.
Re-Think Re-Engineer Re-Deploy all that you have learned and apply it in your personal and business life.
Sunday night is always All You Can Eat! Get here early before the Hamachi and Madai Kama run out!
capoeira, how I am so happy I rediscovered you! Feeling EXCELLENT! Axe, Axe.
Did you know: Gilbert Gottfried () does a really good Jerry Seinfeld impression. Watching his standup from '92 on
Brandon! I absolutely <3 ur handbags & the little pillow dude is adorable! You are so creative, so happy to have met u in sf!
Go UK!! RT : Kentucky Beats Louisville, 69-61, Moving to N.C.A.A. Final
i want there to be a thunderstorm. (:
I got the job
Talking and with
i love aubrey oday so much when you were in danity kane that i named my daughter aubri lol keep up the good work.
If I buy fantabuloso tickets will Justin be there since Carly's performing
Can't believe there is about a month & a little bit left of this school year.
Seemed risky to me too - lots of 'awkward' potential. I was impressed that someone was able to make it work in their sessions.
not so eery, really :) Just reachin out to the #LAThtr fam, lookin for the best deals for a lil shot we still gotta grab.
Think it into existence
I'm not -.- I'm just saying that you are mean. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Love it when he texts me first with silly comments! :3
Golf claps to for high-fiving the youngsters on his way to 17 green. Know it was a tough day for him, but made their days!
oh holy heck - I only just discovered Google Art Project - as I was trying to go to bed tonight - more google art project tomorrow kthnxbye
Fried chicken, seriously let's do this.
Oh man, should I make pie, too??????
Good luck Mangia Fans there will be a Lucky winner today!!! Can you say Pasta!!
I really know who my bestfriends are when shit goes down
Dear Internet, celebrate 's birthday by giving her a job in DC. Then I get a present as well!
Adele is the best! I love her!
I'm running after the thing that really matters
You people aren't updating fast enough for my wandering mind.
lol oh well can't complain we need the rain :-)
What is more beautiful than relaxing in a hot spa, watching the snow fall! We have everything you need to enjoy it!
playing songs ... breaking glass ...
Today has been a really good day :)
if it doesn't, they have a couple great matchups in the coming weeks!
I wish. We were to gather. Instead of being really good friends. But never going to happen </3
I assume he'll be gone also, but a lot of "insiders" say there's a chance if the Vikes pick at 3. Should be a great draft.
Don't spend your whole life holding on <3 #BoysLikeGirls <3 :)
I should slap you for even saying that.. You dont understand how stupid you sound
It's called a French kiss, bc the French have the time, and lack the shame to do it on every st corner. Get a room y'all
Vocally revisionist priest spends the afternoon and evening helping to feed 150 homeless men
haha it's kind of true!
haha, well yeah...
so true!
spring break for me was surprisingly good:)
So the best movie on the planet is the avengers mhm I believe so
Tonight's Blazers win is so huge. It is a lesson to be learned that confidence is everything. Everything. In sports. In life.
Matthieu: walters got grant to digitize Flemish mss, inc. 80 livres d'heures. Creative commons. Start December. Best
Getting a few extra <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> tonight
Lmao the acting is always so terrible.
Stressed out? Find a little humor somewhere - anywhere.
Hilarious. Change-of-email auto-response on infinite regress with #MeetUp default reply-all gives me great amusement.
Trying out the new Google Chrome beta today
Get the App! Download login with , password utapthat.
May 3 is the longest day of my life!!!
really wanting to buy some merch.
Want to learn a funny new history fact for each day? Follow
Jaelene Hinkle for Tech has their best opportunity so far for an equalizer, but puts it over the bar. Play is back and forth.
no messages boo who
The Hood Really Changed Mac Miller
Happy Chinese New Year&Lunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe
won tickets to see Jason mraz.
hey! Can you dm Christian too? I can't go a day without watching his vids! I even downloaded doctor stalker off of iTunes. Thx
Woke up this morning and couldn't feel my legs ...still can't feel them lol
The most boring tweets ever are on thanksgiving. I really don't care what you are thankful for.
Hopkinsville has a great one!
ON CAM PLAYIN WITH MY SELF
My cute little dad washing my car in this heat when he can be at homr being lazy
Back from Culver City TV audition. Now at the studio in Watts working on these submissions. The hustle never stops.
The money the dodgers are getting makes the money the mets have look like chump change.
Hahaha I would hope not missy!
Well Dan, you should become one of cooks! You're good!
Make sure to Retweet our #PhillyHunt tweets because more followers means bigger and better prizes.
thank you for giving oakland a classic soul memory. Amazing show!
Blah blah blahblahblah.
Sometimes ya just gotta stand back and ask.. "W T F"?? Then, just giggle, a LOT! =]
The starts in downtown #Knoxville today with great artists like at
...so I went to Chick-Fil-A
Check this video out -- money
Muddy. Windy. Rainy. Happy.
damn fuck Rogers county I still got warrants out there!
We provide therapy for adults with-Anger Management issues.
We need to find a soft serve truck around here ASAP!
Happy national piercing day....Maybe I will get the bellybutton ring I have always wanted..
eek that doesn't sound good biggyyy
RT : Home Improvement & Maintenance Tips : Cheap Remodeling Ideas: Cheap remodeling ideas include repainting the wall......
A relationship is not like Twitter where you can sign in and sign out whenever you want.
A Google sztori - PC World Online
Just finished working out. Now to get working on equality.
Happy Wednesday Columbus!
he shirtless woah
Playing several RPGs, FPSs, action/adventure, MMORPG, MMOFPS, FB games & myriad mobile games including Words w/ Friends. My fingers hurt.
DO YOU GUYS LIKE OREOS?!!!
The risk of premature death among uninsured Americans is 25 percent higher than among Americans with health insurance.
something! I was thinking something to do with the "last batch" of food. #outoftheboxthinking :)
what's over under on when he is gone? June 1st?...can't see him here later than that
No need to apologize. The wanton destruction of property is destructive to both sides regardless of who the perpetrators are.
Jarrett: accreditation/certification is the last refuge of scarcity-driven model of higher ed, and even that is being challenged
RT : The documentary The Interrupters is amazing.
Hey what's going on?
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal Email at US peeps only.
humanities must take the high road, or must fight back, or must attach themselves to authority figures or rival bullies, etc.
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on."
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, what I really mean is play my favorite songs. Sincerely, next, next, next, next, next.
Still don't want it in LeBrick's hands for a number reasons. RT : Yet another example of why this "clutch gene" shit is so shaky..
RT Donald Trump Slams Cher Over Anti-Romney Comments, Calls Her a 'Loser' <--I really need to know why ANYONE is listening to this dude
Turn the fuckin beat on!-jadakiss
Don't fall off the exercise wagon. Get back to your routine ASAP!
March already??? Wow.
Lord Jesus, take control of that situation. It's not right, just my opinion. "We" need to open up our <U+E419>'s The truth is the truth.
Hey check put our YouTube for new videos go to our website for a link www.WithoutDelayBand.com
I won my first time at trivia night at Shakespeare's. Let me know.
#oomf is a bad bitch
We'd love to have you in RT : omg - their menu looks too good! lol
It's a dream until you write it down, and then its a goal. - Anonymous...What is your #1 goal that you want to accomplish in the next year?
Most common lies I hear: Death n family Kid sick I'm sick
has finished its new websites. www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
Enjoying coffee outside alone. Kids are sleeping and I'm grateful to be a mommy of 3 beautiful boys. Happy Mother's Day to my fellow mamas.
Rye Checklist: Schools, Sound, Easy Commute For the deep-pocketed buyer with a checklist, Rye, in southern Westchester, just might be the
lol its alright u ain't got much longer short stuff
when brian just tells me he was sleeping with his eyes open last night....
and I got a whole bunch more. If you bring me some of what you make I'll continue to be your supplier!
Sometimes it's ok to laugh at yourself man...
-feeling like eating some nana right about now. Where at?!?
Investigating containerized trees on a terrace for bud damage and branch growth- everything looks good despite this bipolar winter weather
We appreciate you!! :)
Hey man, VA is my neck of the woods originally, so I'd be proud to offer any insights. A must is John D. at Miller's in Cville.
Never take advantage of someones trust.
hopes everyone had a great 4th of July!
I just woke up on the ground. Haha what the heck
no, why would he die?
whose the new Shaver principal?
Toni Collette is freaking brilliant! Why didn't I know this sooner??
No Yankee like a dead one, esp. in the hands of in #DamnYankeesBook. "I'm going to be buried in pinstripes," they said & were.
I know you can, I know you can, I know you can!
yup there's totally no taste to them!
Much better Sean. THATS how you tell Nauji good morning :)
Up Since 3am
WATCH THE BEHIND THE SCENES OF YG , NIPSEY HUSSLE MOTTO LA REMIX FILMED BY #HANDFULOFMONEYFILMS RT !!”
I wish I didn't like you like I do. It hurts knowing you don't feel the same.
We're looking at the second weekend in November for the 2nd annual festival--mark your calendars and start your engines!
WDM/BF Team ready for the craziest, colorful 5k in San Diego!
Grad school is fine. This semester seemed so long. I'm just finishing up the required courses before I dive into the fun stuff
It's Friday! Shooting with my favorite client/friend today.
So many months again I was watching The Biggest Loser and it woke me up! I'm enjoying the fact that I've lost more than the most of them! :)
Snow Day Super Sale - ALL TOP SHELF STRAINS for $35 an 8th
My goodness, this ump has a huge strike zone. You'd think Greg Maddux was on the mound.
OMFG I knew I shouldn't have visited that alternate universe.
didn't read the book, but you know i love me some zac efron so I'M IN!
"no pictures now. I don't have earrings in." retainer isn't a big deal though.
Still in the news: #Nonprofits may be paying for city services Committee questions providing public works service gratis...
Listening to Toni Morrison speak at Barnes & Nobles Union Sq. nyc. I am so proud to be a woman of color who writes.
It truly is one of my favorite parts of my professional life.
It's Monday night everyone, you know what that means..Get those votes in for and Peta!
That awkward moment when you catch someone starring at you, so you just slowly look away.
I think I'm in love with Hope Solo.
RT Good news! As far as I can tell small businesses are hiring & doing great right now. 2012 looks like it will be a big year.
When I feel like I can't go one you tell me to go.
You'll truly be miss Anthony. #RIP <U+2665>
Fuck pride. Pride only hurts. It never helps. You fight through that shit. - watching pulp fiction cus i cant sleep.
Looking forward to hearing more as #thatcamp +/or similar panels (unpanels a la unconf?) dev for AAS
"What is possibble will generally exceed what audiences can accept" M. Jensen (NAS) on e-pub
Need a faithful girl
RT Mike McCarthy: "Tramon Williams has a shoulder bruise, we'll have a further evaluation with Tramon on Wednesday."
Just finished my last feature film Violet...
If I wasn't going thru so much at this time my reply would have been a whole lot different
of course why not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.” - Beckett
ayo son, lemme get dat. I mean...can I please have that track good sir?
why not both!
friends get friends to listen to JADED
Good luck to you too!!!!!!! Congrats to us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Wireless is down at Holiday Inn French Quarter. At least I have my Droid so not totally cut off from the world. G'night.
Help out! Vote 4 them 2 win $5k to teach kids how to care 4 their pets refresheverything.com/pep Text ur vote! Text 106552 to 73774
Getting started on our next show, we need models, designers, musicians and artists of all kinds to come together!
heading out to San Francisco...Fun times ahead ; )
designing some one sheets not to sure how I feel about this.. Think they are out dated why not make a web video?
Florence undoubtedly a fan favorite in Buffalo. Always engaging. Pick 6 vs. Pats will never be forgotten. But, #NFL's a business.
If you love that old skool bass like I do follow A good guy and excellent with them beats!
hey buddy! You guys in the states still?
one love, much love. Thanks for all the magic you bring to my life!
I'm so glad!
Anyone still out of power in LA? Maybe it's time to do some shadow puppet theatre? Hope everyone is ok!
I'm now a New York State liscened driver! whooohoo! :)
So was that friendship fake? You can give out my number but can't talk to me. She was right about you.
I love the blog name "Pulp Fixin'"!
Good night.
#Romney crowd is annoying me. Waiting for them to go all human microphone.
Putting the finishing touches on our 2011-2012 Edu Catalog. Anything you're dying to see featured? It's not too late to let us know.
Why tf does everyone have pics of them saluteing now?
“: 83 with 3,3 putt bogeys in a cold, windy round today! u got that right. Good round bro, time for vodka rocks
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
*with a glazed look in my eyes* Gotta run now, Pet. Do be safe, will you?
bunny boo?
It is SO GOOD to see Aaron Rodgers back in that green and gold uniform...now let's do some damage...GO PACK!!
when is the next post?
RT“:Love from Great promise for multi-lingual communities like #Tucson.”
I just heard an ice cream truck. In March. In Cleveland. Sign of the apocalypse?
Jimi Hendrix all along the watch tower. The who who are you. Bob seger turn the page. The cars magic
i think i'll put a call into walker's office myself. something tell's me he'll fall for the "is your refridgerator running?" prank too
Time and a half makes this shift at work magical
Thank you Glyndebourne Opera, for bringing Hansel & Gretel to the net! loved it!
Love your use of Pinterest. I'm doing some research on educators' use of Pinterest & curious if you could recommend 4-5 others.
Thank You for telling it like it is.
- so what happened??
So are the SPURS playing against the refs too?
Me too. Last day of class!
sitting down for lunch is relaxing, that's for sure
O I wanna fight so many people at my school . Talk shit bout fam you'll get your ass murked IDGAF.
At this rate, I'm going to be here until Saturday.......not looking good.
Sons of Anarchy tomorrow!
Sometimes I just want to stop caring because the more you care the more you have to lose.
Do you prefer going to a trade show or the web?
Lil brother came up to me and asked me to give him some "gangsta" music... So proud
Well Hello ;))
This girl in my U.S. Government class has bars for days!!!
Oddly I feel a LOT less safe in Dallas than NYC. There are always people around in NYC and guns are less accessible.
Pissed off. Can't trust anyone..
MIKE! Welcome to twitter!!! Are you addicted yet?
#Iwannabe an OMG Girl with all my heart.!
I'M HUNGRY AF.
sorry, does not compute, you responded within two hours of my tweeting
Eid Mubarak everyone. Having a great time meeting people, hearing about their issues and working with my volunteers.
I want some Tudor's. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
How's your neck and shoulders darlin?
‘Give It Back’ protest demands Coconut Grove Playhouse’s return to public ownership
Just saw #chronicle! Pretty good movie.
SparkFun Electronics Launches Education Website to Bring Electronics into the ... - MarketWatch (press release)
about to eat
Nice! I have midterms this week, so it's going to be a crazy one! Good luck with all of your homework!
That's part of it... but having watched it a few times now, they missed a lot of good looks early.
hey ESPN U, that was not Matt Walters first career goal. He scored on the EMO vs Hobart
Look at you and all your little followers....and you said you would never get on twitter ;)
Hmu means hold my unicorn! Ex: Hey! Can u Hmu, I dropped my taco!
another great day in diego, would be great if thursday never came...
POP-N-LOCK BEAT MIX going down live on w/ & at 6pm!!!
Donegal Fergus on taking over LCC baseball: “There were some persuasive people in the LCC family who wanted me to come back and take over.”
Survival week is rapidly approaching
Eventually the coin's got to come up heads... right?
guess who liked the show?
#FF Stay in touch with some good ones!
Nice 5 1/2 hour shift to end the day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
No prob :D
The cool thing is you know there are people out there who were at every damn City game in the second and third division, now they get today.
I'm so annoyed by this situation that it just makes me wanna die
Hey, Sheryl. The west coast is just a place to call home. I'd like to take a trip by motor-home and refresh my mind. You?
crap.. no outfit for the banquet tomorrow...
Back To School Special Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
Nap time <U+263A>
Thank you :) how are you??
I'm absolutly convinced Zydrunas Illgauskas is not a human being
haha well yeah I'll just sit with friends and talk
Open until 7pm tonight and tomorrow (closing early on Friday for the holiday). Stop in for your last minute gifts!
I feel hip hoppy today :)
Great D Joel Anthony
but your independent, strong, and optimistic, I admire you for that, a lot <3
was on something when she wrote Roman Holiday!!!
weak, I've tied bow ties after a hard night of partying, then waking up with a 6 pack
Thanks for the follow, Darla. Here's to your continued success in supporting peace and profit in 2012! Hooray!
initial reaction is to ship it to Pujols, but he deserves hand-delivery. We did get 11 great years and 2 WS championships from him
I guess your fast day is just beginning. I hope it's a good one! ~burp~ from 12 hours behind!
Mr.Clark! Some kid is beating up Kid Ray!!!!
As soon as I get there, I'm asking the DJ to play In Da Club.
Life is too short to wear boring clothes!
you speak french, spanish, and english? nice.(:
Or a water on the rocks. Lol
Netflix with mom and daddy! I love this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Make sure to attach it to goals and measure outcomes, though.
please #bieber4potter help an incredibly strong 8 year old and get to meet her.
I doo. I will get you to kiss me before we graduate
Blanket over head makes hangover less painful...
Trying to figure out how to spend 540 million since I'm sure I have the winning ticket is not easy!
Hey yes. Blog posts can save files as long as it has the Wordpress plugin. I've developed these...
DUDE IT IS HOLY BAWLS
Good thing I'm a badass, huh. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to walk around alone all the time.
I love post-fights with the BF. "Rub my feet!" "Ok." "Pour me some wine!" "Ok." "Bring me a Klondike bar!" "Ok."
Good luck today and !
Lots of opportunity for Android dev's here at
Thank you Phillip for following
Theres more topics trending for adam yauch then there was for whitney houston, guess the world isn't so bad after all
u know Cotto weighed 146 the fight before he fought PAC right? So 145 didn't exactly drain him. He said it himself. Bozo
And I'm not wearing a suit for the first day in for-ev-er.
Love family days
Selena gomez on the cover of cosmopolitan...really?
softly ok
Hi AV ! Following U, follow back? thanks
dat nigga look like a alien in a person's body LO_OL
hi all -- please join the ucla presenters upstairs in the Cyprus room
I'm making some recipes from your book today! I'm excited to try the kettle corn.
Feeling stressed? Take a vacation to Miami Beach! Spend the day at the Spa, Pool or even a walk on the beach. Book Now!
we are MEN. we must be swift as a coursing river. men. with all the force of a great typhoonl. we are men.
buy floss picks. Life changin.
Feeling like a billion bucks!
not only in Vegas. My New York have them too.
cool um soy de las Estados Unindos means I'm from the united states
How are you finding the restaurants in Mary Brickell so far? If you need any recommendations I'm happy to help you. GO HEAT!
Bruce Springsteen to start the Grammy's...not the Whiney tribute
I like the idea! One of the few real perks of a long commute, I guess.
So far all I've seen in Oklahoma is a Comanche Nation Casino and a Best Western. About living up to expectations.
Play fri night in 'The Uptown' Oakland with 'no means no' nearly sold out few tickets remain...
Thx for the shout out support!
bout 2 go workout b4 i meet my buddy dave
it's not a game - if #obama wins, we all lose.
thank you, godbless you.
On the way home, I saw a pink Jeep with Hello Kitty seat covers. That is all.
I don't say this often but good job Wildcats, a Misery loss is always sweet.
I love the smell of peach Zig-Zags
"Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do" Benjamin Spock, born on this day in 1903.
#Goodmorning to you sis..I'm great how are you? :D
100 day challenge!
The worst thing about bad sun burns is that at random moments you just start getting the chills constantly :p
Meeting at #houseofblues for
@ pre tailgate party 4 Texans. Let me know u here
Social Cammin' it all weekend so follow me to watch me act like a moron
grassy ass
what u think about that afc championship game?
you played my favorite character on DHW, and did it amazingly well <U+2665>
I should probs write in my blog today
Pretty good today. Just need some more sleep. ;oP
Gifts from the Arkansas travelers: bag of mullein, handful of witch hazel seeds, muscadine wine, and photos of black bears 1 large, 1 small.
Yes. Michael, you are the president, Wolfie is vice and I will be the secretary.
#BarbaraWalters says "You CAN'T TRUST The Kardashians" Wow Kim, you dun pissed everyone off!
The moment u fall in love
Hi there RVRedVatican
Oh nice! I know that school. Well once u set up ur profile, let us know what u think, or if u have any questions! Here to help!
Thanks for coming, so glad you and Chessie Clark had fun...and beat your time...good job!
#santacon is coming next Saturday 12/10...so excited to bring back taco Santa
I hope the wk. is off to a great start!!
yeah! i really hope i win the contest. thats so awesome!
Will be great to see San Antonio, Austin and Dallas getting national exposure too!
Amazon does have Amazon Moms for cheap diapers, etc.
Could srsly RT all day all night
If I can't get this past my wife, I'll be joining the goth crowd whether I want to or not.
Westbrook looks like a legit clown
just saw u in miami announcin ur release!
Hanging with #theexpressions tonight!
SMH @ the error msg "Twitter is over capacity".
Happy Birthday!! Today's my moms birthday as well. Many fun and exciting wishes!!
Excited to see a reading musical Lobby Channel as part of playwriting festival.
So I basically can't see even with my contacts in. Maybe I should see a doctor or whatever.
have a great time with the show tonight. Pictures, please!
That's a great start to the day...hope the rest is just as wonderful for him :)
Who else is going to Angels and Kings tonight? See you there hopefully :)
follow mee I'm a big fan
Mom always finds a way to mess my mood up.
Didn't realize I was 4months post perm... Not team natural but I do wanna stretch this perm
You're so freaking perfect. <U+E022>
New Delta snacks including salsa Sunchips and cranberries! Yum!
I am gonna fight u for putting it on WOW Gospel. They gonna kick me out my job for laughing
Liaisons want to know which databases are in what discipline
Anybody have a Google plus invite. Please send to
Have you seen Kelly Kapowski lately? RT : Mr. Belding put on a few pounds.
Breckenridge was amazing!
The Help is a great movie everyone should see it !
Curling my hairr!
I bet you wish you could remember.
RT : Rick Santorum's childhood nickname was "Mr. Santorum."
Or at least the East Coast huh?! Lol RT : can u bring it to NY next Jamil
Fickle Pickle is so fun to say! xD
follow and please :D x71
weekends would be best but if not, Thursdays and Fridays. /cc
regular season baseball is only a week away!
The moon is beautiful
I'm watching Anastasia.Anybody remember her?She's great.I don't know why she wasn't a Disney princess
I'm going out of my way to say how awful this new show Whitney is on fox....so bad, how did it even get past a pilot?
True horror films are about the risk to your mortal soul.
nice to connect with my former uni. How goes it in Ottawa?
#edui - wow.. Michael Wesch reminds me of why I work in this field
is it just me or are the majority of tweets about lost love??? Wow... inspiring or depressing??? what do you think???
Job Opening: full-time Bldg Ops Engineer w/ HVAC & systems experience. 2-10pm shift. High security clearance req'd; downtown DC. Anyone?
Thanks for the retweet We at Bilinguals Inc. / Achieve Beyond Pediatric Therapy loved it as well
I have been trying to use Google+ more lately. The more I use it the more I enjoy it.
Loved the movie #SinnersAndSaints! Have now bought 4copies-kept 1-gave 3 as gifts-Incredible shooting, intense Action! Can't wait for sequel
US factory growth best in 10 months; Dow passes four-year high
I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly.
Not impressed with #Windows8. Looks like they phoned it in. Or maybe a third grader did.
Maybe everyone thought my St Paddy's Day party was today.
Ha, yes!! I have a Breville, i think an 800 or 900 watt
Do you ever sleep? Workin'
Sunny for the rest of the week and in to next! Happy hour EVERYDAY starting at 3pm! AND we have a patio!
i would offer but i dont do my own homework
I bet I miss you more lol
man i pulled out my heart 101 shirt n burst out laughin...were u there that night wen tt was she wants the dick?
Thanks & i told my dad i didnt want to be set up..lol
Hey , do you have much experience with Oil & Gas? Western PA, Ohio, WV, or Colorado?
could the Omega project use some designers' help?
Showing houses today and tomorrow. Wish me and my clients luck!
Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Full episodes of "Sweet Valley High" are on Youtube. Don't judge, I'm doing enough of that on my own.
what a choke job by boise state last night
Kaveh: both art & science depend on creativity, making connections between seemingly unrelated events.
Spoke to Tom Fudge earlier today, will be airing a piece on TV/radio on Tue (morning and evening edition) on bike safety.
Boarded where I passed out on the floor of a Max----told to get off the train where my son was beaten at knifepoint. I have to stay home...
Hahaha lol alright don't nobody want that
You're very welcome
Orioles dealing in Boston...team is legit
Just called & told them that they have until Friday to drop their ads on the Rush Limbaugh Show or I will be canceling my account.
Run, pilates, wedding stuff, laundry, go see Sex In Seattle later. Planning on a decent day. Sun would be nice though.
I bet you if I try hard enough I can read my sister's mind :P
Books You Hold in Your Hand - Huffington Post (blog)
Yes of course!
yikes. thats where it is!
I know that I'm not all that you got.
I hate Mondays. HATE THEM.
Good luck with the meetup Kallye! Hopefully its a happy Lifetime movie, if anything!
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
You gotta love ARkansas
I love when a show dog has a long regal name but the trainer calls it "Chet"
Right now #Spain vs. #Scotland - vamos Espana!
thanks for visiting and sharing our website! :)
That wont be the last! I plan to bring my team in for the experience! RT : We love a happy chef in the fields!
Finally hopping on the twitter bandwagon.
RDJ's shoes are great. I would love a Mark Ruffalo "Hulk" movie... but preferably with Joss Whedon as Writer/Director :)
To Write Love On Her Arms
Facebook Parenting: For the troubled teen. Father Shoots Laptop: VIDEO RESPONSE!
Neither do I...Look to your right.=)
you know who deserves 800 followers? does so help her out and pass this along :)
I love #progrock. Know this.
hang nails hurt
reports New Maps Chart Hot Research and Scholarship's Hidden Terrain
ps- i am really hoping he isn't on twitter
I'm bouta cook
Ty Lawson is just unbelievably fast.
I got snapbacks n tattoos i bet that will make yo biych choose
hm, could I get dismissed for tweeting that I have jury duty?
LOL! Y do u think his wife is sending out prayer chains? He knows what he's up against.
Cigars and palm trees.
Wishing good luck today!!!
get them often or something?
Right on! : A little dream has just come true. I've just joined the iEARN Australia management team! Very excited!
Today in Blues History: Johnnie Taylor’s “Who’s Making Love?” reached number one on the R&B charts on November 23, 1968
I am trying to follow the Union vs Foothill Football Game
Stay in the net Bryz.
Lets just talk here..
time to join over-achievers anonymous.
On set in Santa Clarita in the rain for the last shoot day of "Tryouts!"
I know lol but I have a sun burn:(
I'm pretty sure you answered your own question there: "POS".
Walker with made-up job numbers is a sign that Kathy Nickolaus landed on her feet.
Damn It Martin ^.^
CH caused retaliation...like I said, brushback gets brushback...hit gets hit. Not retaliate after hitting franchise player?
D'Anthony childish as fck , lol .
Any tips for long-term cat-sitting? If I go overseas for 1-9 mos & can't bring her, what's best? Kennel? Trustworthy foster home?
Fingers crossed for
Missing Tucson a bit
We're doing dirty santa
Follow them Take care!
It makes me sick to see how many mistake pitches this lineup consistently let pitchers get away with.
Support our friend YOGA GIVES take a class this August! Bring your kids to BOL Board Member Susie Lopez's kids class, every Thursday at 4pm!
letestu gone. room for sid for friday!!!!!
Yay! Congrats to Ray Allen! Couldn't have happened to a better guy!
Stuffed mushrooms >>>>>
Shake it an' pop it--- like a ketchup bottle!
You're a fake, Davin Heller.
That seems to be the favorite so far!
Down town<3
lol cute. do they behave on set?
I have arrived in beautiful AZ; what to do before rehearsal? My options: Spring Training game, wilderness riding on a wild mustang, tacos.
If the purpose of #opengov is to get info out there: play nice. If to gadfly: well done, don't change a thing.
I know. Like when they walked across the freezing Russian tundra and had to go all the way back. Like LOL r u dumb
sounds good! Will be looking into new gear this summer
Working Turner Hall for LIGHTS. Sadly, the people waiting in line look to be about 12. This is not gonna bode well for my desire to drink.
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it? - DvL
that will be be what I scream if they don't leave ne alone!!
absolutely! Was just talking to mum about it today, actually. Don't know when yet tho. Are you working up there again?!
You can dot go with me. Tomorrow afternoon. I'm totes going.
Back from Milwaukee. Loaded with Lakefront and Sprechers and New Glaurus. They focus on drinkability. Such a difference.
Ahh!(: only like 6 minute till
The coast is calling. This I assure you.
you confuse the shit outta me
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wonder If She'll Reply????
#ImMadBecause your a douche to my best friend
no problem! :D
I've lost her now for sure, I won't see her no more. :'( I don't want it to come to that. I love this girl! gosh don't let it come to that
Secret life of the American teenager: I'm Ashley, my sisters name is Aimee, she has a baby... Its like the show was written about me!
"It was a funny time to blow but blow he did" #bpl #ffc #cfc lol
Of all the types of couples in the world...I'd say young Asian couples are my favorite.
My fave album is
lol. when people un-follow me because i try to get famous people to follow me. ~~~
oh okay :)
Just wanna chill and watch movies but not happening...
You can't ever gain respect until you show respect first. Your first act of communication is to show respect to whomever you are talking to.
Tweet it n delete it ;)
true....sad
How they gone say we fell off and they never climeb up (silly muthafuckaz)!!!!!!???????
love you #howardstern on #AGT !! Been a fan since '86 - you won over the naysayers!! Can't wait to see you again tonite!
Talked to some merchants. Small town central #Indiana thinks #Superbowl benefits were intercepted by downtown
I haven't heard from in a while.
says you
...and so it begins
": Alex Castellanos gets the "Condescending Prick of the Day" award. #MTP I would've kicked him in the balls. #maddow"
Does anyone know of an #architect or #designer who can help us think through floor plans for the #library?
RT : One challenge to DML education...mixed age classrooms. The solution? Match competencies!
Some TV shows arn't quite bad enough. So while they air, they put graphics bottom of the screen to promo upcoming crappy movies. Makes sense
when a quarrel is open between the past and the present it only disappear the future.its too early to quit raise your standards today
and the fact that opposing running backs run out of bounds for no reason, fumble the ball ect lol
My friend just played me this Carrie Underwood song "Wine after Whiskey" ...One of those titles I'm jealous I didn't think of. SO good!
nice! looking forward to it.
Much respect for those that rock the chest hair. You headed to Miami next month?
“: Looking forward to a few sxsw shows w & and Kenbone backing me.” Faces will melt.
awh bromance too cute:')
Sorry !! I have a problem !!! With my phone !!! I'll answear your questions in 5 m !!!
I'm lovin' the new Mary J. Blige, Why with Rick Ross!
speaking of things they don't even do in the home country.
Sold out commercial secrets wrkshp today, John is a great teacher & so kind to come down f/ NYC & share his knowledge!
Two more songs down :) its an inspirational day I guess :)
Its Friday.. Ladies, if you already been to the Club 2 days this week.. You a Hoe! :)
i take mines all the time ;)
I kinda want to take a blanket tomorrow...
it would be great to have you all "like" our Facebook page!
DID FINALLY TWEET YOU???? BEST THING EVER :) <3
Dangit. I muted to do some GMAT problems and forgot to unmute after commercials.
michael jackson... damn?! that guy can SANG!
Im feelin da pics,u at da club gettin it n homie! God bless u n ur peeps! Make it do W it do Be safe in dem streets homie...
100 Question exam and these people are done in the first 15 min, im sure they all did great
Off work, at my temporary residence and drinking Chai Tea
Yes. #smallthingsmakemehappy Glad #Pens' #manwithtwofirstnames will be getting some much needed R&R!
Depends. Are you taking Mac?
"Jane Jacobs was a Tea Partier?" Total clickbait headline, but interesting piece. Book looks promising.
Unfortunately I won't be able to make it this year. You?
re: your morey tweet. didn't you mean to ask mr. ferry that question?
so happppyyyy, can we make babies soon?
Say dat shit dub! RT Yall Celtic Fans get off my TL HATING ON THE Lakers cause The 76ers got in y'all ass !!!!
it really doesn't matter, just seeing the name. Best one was table reservations for valentines day though.
One of my mentees got 2 interviews this week! Keeping fingers & toes crossed. It's hard out here for hustlers.
So we're stickin with GRAND crew...we got 20 minutes left to tweet till I go.
Just finished a brutal intermediate accounting test
Go download our songs on facebook for free :D
Working the polls - Please vote YES for Forest Hills School Levy!
Rumor has it over 40,000 tix have been sold for this Saturday's Spring Game (1:30p). Will you be there?
Thank you so much!
Time 2 go 2 then 2 Christkindl Market Come say hi! Will be booth Love this time of year!
The next time someone askes me whats up im going to tell them im get a sex change. :)
Ha! But seriously...How many turds? 30 for the duplicate signatures? 28,000 for those multiplied? 130k+ for the whole shebang?
Got a gig DJing a Volvo/hot rod party. Was told to play whatever I felt fits that scene. So lots of Swedish black metal right?
Ms.Linda
good night
Thanks my man. You know I'm hoping for that linebacker! Be blessed, and I'll e-mail the pics. Enjoy Cincy!
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong. -Warren Buffett
Attended a beautiful celebration of life for a friend. A full house of love. An honor to hear how he impacted so many lives.
#theawkwardmoment when you've been at your eye doctor's house because of a friend of a friend but he has no idea!
I'll yell "Janet loves you!" really loudly I think.
Not at all! I LOVE my engagement ring, hands down my most favorite piece of jewelry. :)
Worked my last day at today! I will miss working with you
you and me both bro. I think my avocado tree just died, here in AZ.
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm a sucker for women with dimples and curly hair!
i like that shirt
Thank you for all the RTs. (Sorry for flooding your feed). Let us know if you yourself have any questions.
I could eat skyline everyday of my life.
I like ur no-nonsense approach, so i must call u out when u recc sugar substitute on a anti-fake food segment
I live, I love, I laugh, I cry. Im not perfect. No one is, not you or I.
Wishing all a blessed holiday no matter how or when you may be celebrating. Remember that LOVE is the biggest gift of all!!
I can't do it. I have to stop in the middle fo the sidewalk so I can focus on my typing. Other pedestrians love it.
Miller. Duh. RT : Miller or Bud?
I just finished the Diablo 3 beta as the Wizard. Which one next? Found a few bugs and posted them up on the D3 forums. Looking good!!
This should be blueprint for all communities to collaborate and work together to promote awareness and education! Great job!
& would be veddy good boyfriends (:
Oh hey there stranger! How have you been?!
CHECK OUT MY ICE I'M SO ICEEEEEEYYYY ...MY WATCH SO BRIGHT IT'S A BREITLIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!! -- MY LIFE
Smile,smile for me
Happy mothers day to all the great mommys out there :-)
Bitch I'm Karl Lagerfield...
Are you ready for our next gig? Budweiser sponsered house party in B Hills! HERE WE GO!
Happy birthday!! Hope it's fabulous! :)
I just spent an hour in discovering how little I understand business databases.
Now #NJ w/ #KarenArmstrong MichaelWolfe AlexKronemer dinner done & sneak peak of showing IslamicArt Mirror of InvisibleWorld
Paragliding in Mendoza = a success!!! Aside from a quick bout with motion sickness
I'm in love with your profile picture. I'm gonna FaceTime you in a few...be prepared!
Well played!
Thank you, A BUNCH :D
Just accepted that one of my favorite people died this week, RIP mr. Repo love you- "the big bad football player"
When your friends fall asleep on you <<
BITCH..CALL ME BACK..NOW! U GOT A PHONE NOW..SO USE IT....lol forreal call me
scream and break out. I never wear clothes to bed
Things will probably turn out all right. But sometimes it takes strong nerves just to watch.
Rough night?
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Same Old Song -
Indeed! Or sooner, if my wife can land an interview at Dartmouth...
Read Sally Perkins experience about developing and performing a story for the Frank Basile Emerging Stories, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Respect my come up
Where you at G?? Probably in the studio making that real N music/on Duncan Block! U should have won best male artist
Glad you enjoyed it!
very fun :)
not true
RT : Pumped for the producer showcase next week!!
#Sixers win!!!!!!! They advance to the 2nd round for the first time since 2003!!!!
This is the journey of my life.
its all about the Dalai Lama today
Warren Buffet's rule is that taxes can't hurt him, because he will continue getting richer.
s/o #NF can I gain some #followers pls
RT : RT : SLAers, tomorrow is the last day for early bird registration for #SLAChicago! So. Get on that. I want to see...
My mom just called to tell me she enjoyed meeting Sen last night and that is she is proud of me. Never heard that from her b4. :)
This one is more amusing than murder-inspiring, thankfully. Or maybe I'm just too lazy to feel murderous.
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
Hi Sheli. I am looking forward to it too.
Indianapolis airport is sweet. I can order food and take it THROUGH security. It's like the 90's are back!
I'd tell him, but he already blocked me!!
- Have you ever driven a Hybrid? I would like an electric but I live in the city and don't have parking so that does not work.
; staying fit with #zumba is easy and requires minimal motivation. It's always a heart-pumping party filled with sweaty fun :)
thanks for the follow :)
write stuff down - "your head is absolutely the worst place" to keep migration steps
Maybe I'll tweet a pic to you when I wear it. I think it might be hard to find buttons that match it though.
TY for all your support!! Can't wait for the Conference Saturday!
I need to stop having sex for awhile.
happy mothers day to all the mothers esp mine and my grandma/tt
what is the class? i am not here next thurs! RT : I found our next NYSC class this class is the jam. See you next Thursday.
Amazing night for TLA & The Legendary Dobbs 700 +ppl on 1 block for original music! The scene's where the music is, not what roof its under!
I'm in the yearbook and my name is spelled right...I guess that makes my life complete.
don't cut it. Don't listen to the #dirtyrager lololol
oh my god I'm literally crying holy omg my beautiful baby holy balls
my mission is to find more videos and watch them. I need more laughter in my life..
yes but the only reason why i corrected you was bcuz you made it look like a run on sentence and it confused me lol
I like to send a SPECIAL SUPER TWEET TO ROBERT REICH, the author of AFTERSHOCK. He put it out there this morning in the DAILEY KOS. NLD Mom
Since I've been in the hospital i haven't has my favorite things in the world... My puppy Martin! Beer! And Sex! I miss them :/
Happy Valentine's Day Friends!! You are Loved...
He is ignoring me??....
I love plyo, but had to back off today cuz my knee is sore. Bummer
Having an early Americanist sense, i think west of the Alleghenies! Not so 21st cen though. RT : What is the West to you?
I guess it's unclear to me why you'd have to put on an English accent for a movie that's set in France.
okay weird
Is it true about your commitment??
hey! Don't make fun of me!! Trick.
RT : I wish I was on my way! There is no place in GA like The Exchange on Tues. night! // Totally Agree!
haahaha I have a story for you.
Thanks for using the #btopco #infographic I made in your presentation! Was a nice surprise.
MAYBE SO
Sometimes being a deliberately homeless company has its downfalls when you are looking for a space to perform
Shit is about to go down
Is it just me or does Emily remind anybody else of Dolly Parton? I hope she busts out with a little 9 to 5.
yeah, you gotta do some MAJOR tummy work outs though! the outfits are bangin though, aye ! haha
What a great day it's going to be!!!!!!!!
"you know that cavalry of humans I told you about? Yeah, there is no cavalry. They're all zombies."
Being awesome in Chicago!
I wanna start a band!:)
With how Goodell & Bettman have ruled on punishments 4 head shots recently, I'll be surprised if Stern doesn't suspend Artest thru playoffs.
haha no worries :)
C'mon, Biggest snub is Asdrubal Cabrera at SS. At least Konerko got beat by a great player. Cabrera got beat by hack Jeter.
straight gin. why do i ever think you're a good idea?
Oh. Not poisonous I hope.
A day in the life of Ratio designer today: Illustrating Crotches and Mayonnaise. Living the dream!
Dont be mistaken there will be two people hosting his show..Cowherd and his ego.
If justin isn't following u just ask me ill dm him and ask him to follow u
Cold Steel Tested coming up in a live interview on The Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! rochesterbuzz.com.
is* he's not "dead" yet lol wait so where did tyler's "soul" go?
Sunday is a great day to relax and reconnect with the spiritual in our lives. Take a break and count your blessings. Do something kind.
Wearing the shirt i bought you for christmas? oh,
Worth it! CC: RT tweets! has anyone had Tokyo* by Brewdog? It's on at and I want to see if it's worth it
#OneThingIDontLike one direction.
no hate here. Doesn't agree with me. :) But was sad I ruined a moment for u.
im inspired by ur spelling.. don't know if its right but those are some difficult names! :D
Could you please please please follow me, or RT this.. Please.. :)
loved you from the start! I grew up riding too. U carried yourself the best I've seen on any season!
I love twitter because I don't actually know any of you and you don't know me. Down with intimacy.
Someone needs to start loving #fun. as much as I do so I don't have to go see them alone!
Celebrate #GEW with this week!
Does anyone know why the bike lane was packed with parked cars the entire length of Spruce yesterday? Bugged the hell outta me.
#melus12 next year we should have a tweet-up right at the beginning of the conference in a very public place.
my phones dead but I'm On my way!
I saw some friends post pictures of the shuttle flying over DC. Very Cool!!
time warner ranks right below turkey bacon on my list of things I really hate.
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford << nice one via
What is that? Who runs it? Looks neat.
is watching "The Tillman Story." Outstanding.
I scream, we scream, nigga we want ice cream!!!
going to eat some american food with ali! boy, i'm getting culture from all over the world today!
I don't think I have ever signed up!
So we have a new song for you guys. whadda ya say? 2k? can we do it? :D
The Reese Boyd Project is # 20 on ReverbNation's Rock chart for Atlanta!
OKAY IM JUST GONNA PUT IT OUT THERE I THINK YOU NEEDA PUT #SAYSOMETHING ON ITUNES LIKE RIGHT NOW #NOJOKE #bestsongever (;
That'd rock. Thanks man.
Doesnt understand why some people think they absolutely need a girlfriend/boyfriend at all times.
How do you know where you're going if you don't know where you are - or why you're here?? Find your light, ladies....find it.
Whiney Houston dead at 48; CNN reports J.Hudson to do Grammy Tribute to Whitney tomorrow nite (2-12-12)
i know you secretly love him a lot
Hi Stoney!!! Just saw tweet from that Brandon Inge hit a 3 run home run for Oakland A's.
Tues 112211 -"Diary of a Black Author" 9th Blog 1 day @ a time every day is a "work in progress” that’s my mantra til this journey is over!
I'm going to ride this one out with D'Angelo tonight ...that honey mix of Brown Sugar & Voodoo. Amen.
deal! all we ask is that you
yeah he was, he just went to the Jets at 43
How come when I RT I cant leave my own little note WTF am i doin wrong
liked my iPod and apps and shit better before it randomly updated itself -____-
Bag O'Donuts signed my 1993 Packers team pic you gave me courtesy of America's Pack
Pre-ordered Melissa Hartwig of 's book: "It Starts with Food: Discover the Whole30 and Change Your Life in Unexpected Ways"
This is some good stuff! Thanks for sharing.
your arms too short to box...but Thank God your legs are long enough to stump "The Hell out of the devil"
": When 'short' jeans are too long <<<<<<< #shortgirlproblems" story of my life.
Saved by the beer garden.
love pastry is for shoes pastry acc is for accessories don't have time to be a poser
And I want you to realize that I love you more then you will ever be able to see.
everyone needs a partner.
Cross another one off the bucket list: Went diving with the sharks off the north shore of Oahu this morning! Exhilarating!
I'm just one gigantic pile of sick today. And I don't wanna go to school. Fuck.
I'm sure if someone read your twitter and then met me, they would be disappointed on several accounts
#TRUE YOU WOULDN'T WANA LOOSE YA NETWORK....
RT : It's in our nature to always want more. Today let's remember to be thankful for all that we have. Keep the attitude positive!
blip.fm sucks ass. They never have the shit I wanna hear on there.
"I look GOOD with a playoff beard" -
watching 's last concert ever. kinda sad, but there's exciting things ahead as well.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
good morning:-) I'm on my way to work, to put in some hours on that clock! Hope you have a great day #Bestie!
“: Ur boy is giving away tix for 's #openbar show in #NYC. Yep I've got two pairs tonight in the 9 & 10 hrs!
I would like go to my city....
dude, make chatter on Weds AM and I'll totally hit Donner for
what? Unacceptable.
WB, can you advise on how we can make our Conservative representatives more education friendly?
you got it. Thanks alot
The economic crisis is affecting so many of us in so many negative ways. The acting CFO of Freddie Mac has committed suicide. So sad.
congrats Matt Trojan fam loves you
Back in NYC and grinding...and got to hit the gym...
I'm the Night Elf Mohawk! Nah! It's from Mr. T's WoW commercial.
You're welcome!
congratulations lady! So exciting!
when are you guys coming to Wisconsin???
I'm wearing your underwear right now
Just tapped Blvd – Rye on Rye Whisky Barrel Aged Ale.
thunder keep on winnin
Supporter speakers currently outnumber opponents 25-6
U can't 4get Kurupt was from philly though.. 2Pac was baltimore I think? WestCoasters now though
***PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT*** Its #HappyHour Milwaukee, you know what to do!
Not a bad item on your bucket list. The fountains are beautiful!
Think we'll keep our diff domain, since the focus is diff, too, but thanks. I'll let you know! Non-OSU welcome too. :)
It's 15 degrees in Dallas and are recording their show outside?
I really don't save numbers, specially when I'm not gon use them in the future, so I just don't save em
I got that intro video somewhere at if I wasn't working like crazy I would of Came.
My Coffee Bean coffee machine. Uses capsules like Keurig. Aunt Cheri got it for our shower gift.
Great to hear from you! Contact for balconies and accommodations for #Pamplona #SanFermin #runwiththebulls 2012
it's all about the bulls
Being ur self and not changing for someone like boyfriends that's wht make you beautiful! Got tht??
Thanks, Jason! Maybe even a flavor bomb diggity?
Yes, Dracula is good!When Jonathon meets Dracula it gets creepy! It's interesting to see what fears D embodied for Victorians.
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~ Herman Woulk
Doctors office in ft lauderdale
i like my beat fast, & my base down low. (;
lmao yeah right
just got back from Delirium Cafe in Brussels..2,004 beers! and they're all so delicious
I have 9 done
Attempting any sort of a Ny/Jersey accent by watching mob wives.
here fishy fishy fishy
He's hitting the cover off the ball lately...he's probably gonna get called up tomorrow
complete a face plank in the lake
use Banana Boat after sun aloe. Works great. I can apply it for you too. ;P
With Vid: Asthma app lets patients breathe easy
Thanks for the tweets. I missed this entirely; currently in Cardinals land. I saw one of Yaz's last games...what a treat.
gives $10,000 + to 79 college students. Very admorable. You Michigan guys aren't that bad after all.
Worried about the massive credit/debit card hack affecting 1.5 M customers? Authorities say the info would be enough to commit fraud.
I love you so much, that's why the sun shines bright even on a rainy day because of the love for you!
Cool story bro. Write it down on paper, roll it up. Then shove it up your ass.
I Hate when I'm in the Car on The Freeway in the Middle if no where and I'm the only one in the Car that Has to Pe.!
I am following and I love
I love love love tumblr, before the f*ck yeahs even! I have a few anon blogs floating around the tumblrsphere
Congratulations to Gabby, Mountain West 1m & 3m champion!!!
Back in the black with a winning night! 2-2 +10.5 units tonight
It comes to mind that anything/anyone associated w/ a "Palin" is surely not a winner. #Newt thanks Todd Palin for taking him down loser lane
"It's very obvious that we are very concerned. We've set up emergency operation centers," CDC spokesman Dave Daigle told AFP.
no sank a yew !
You say you're happy to be with me yet you don't stay with me longer than a week
Umm... Chipotle is owned by McDonald's? What?? Is this true?
I'm taking my shirt to Panama City Beach, is that bad luck?
Good to have some days off. Tomorrow back to the real world though.....
hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is to the interest of honest persons to know this fact, because the dishonest are tolerably
FIREARMS & ACCESSORIES, FFL TRANSFERS, SPECIAL ORDERS, AND MUCH MUCH MORE!
Rainy days are the best
So great to see and His lovely wife Angela last night ! Thanks for coming, buddy!
You have my attention. ": I love that 's parents in GIRLS are one part Freaks & Geeks and one part Bosom Buddies. "
Make a joyful noise fellow musicians. Give thanks for the gift within you.
Am I not to assume it's an exclusive interview with me, America's First Fish?
RIP #MikeWallace Send us back reports from wherever you end up.
Sox loss is gain!
My sandless sandbags are the High tech alternative to tradtional sandbags. Environmentally safe. Best protection available for flood control
The only thing you can do with your life is give it away. This is the true essence of feeling purposeful. ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
excited to take my scholar out to dinner tonight from !
Only one consensus on Washington from picks posted from 76 cappers tonight off a 2-0 Monday Nite..See ya at the window
Cool never out trumps revenue.
Thank you so much for checking in on and grubbin' with us!
I hate living in the fuckin hoosmd I swear.
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.” <U+2015> Malcolm X
Aww, thank you! She's too adorable for her own good, gets away with everything 'cuz she charms me with her cuteness :)
no I feel super duper badd
then y did he follow us?!
you betta work the hell out of itt!!! and you betcha hard!! ahaha
Listening to Lana Del Rey's new album. You either love her or hate her...we love her so far. Very NYC-pop.
My hair got wet... are you kidding me.. pissed...
Ok dancing starting...
I didn't think the questions were that challenging after reading the story. Not Pinkwater's best effort, however.
I was going to visit you after work, but I guess your phone is dead. Anyways, I love you! Sweet dreams love. <3
#FF Some of our fav Boston folks
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
Vidal Sassoon may they spread your dandruff & ashes in the sea
Our reporter Clay Duda () is tweeting from a juvenile justice conference today. Follow him and/or the hashtag #JJconf for updates.
"You're not perfect? Well... Congratulation! It's ridiculous to want to be perfect anyway. Just Enjoy and Have fun!"
FWD: Yay! Today is PETA's 30th anniversary! :) Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today. Spread the word! <3 peta2
that is an AWESOME pic!!!
The rain makes me melt.
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle.
Barbara Berrie (NGA chemist): developments in chemistry & art have always been intertwined.
Bieber in Proactiv commercials: he surprises teenage girls with bags of Proactiv?!! That's just too good.
That moment When your Crush accepts the fact that he likes you<U+2665> .
MONDAY COFFEE BREAK: Take a brisk walk today! Energize! Rejuvenate! Forget it's Monday. Physical exercise is any bodily activity that...
It takes place around DC, so it's fun to wander around and find places I know.
Back from #Kzoo2012. Resuming regularly scheduled life.
Fat Lee
“: -Loved the Leap Day Birthday Boy story from ” good to hear! I've had a lot of fun pieces lately.
You want more? Ok. John boehner to american people: "thank you, william harry harrison. And chester a arthur certainly had a hand as well."
follow me back dude
Today I got mistaken from my twin like 4 times.
stay cheesy :-)
Tensator Named &quot;Cool Vendor&quot; by Leading Analyst Firm
RT Let the power and inspiration of your vision PULL you up out of your current circumstances. It gets better and better!
I like what Gardner brings on offense, but when Florida makes him defend away from the basket, he's absolutely useless with that bad knee.
Should we expect a Deluxe Edition soon?
You know you're old when one of your staff members has no idea who Steve Garvey is.
watched soul surfer today!! i cried! haha what a gurl! :pp #inspired watching alice and wonderland now!! :D lol
If it don't get better money wise pshhh
RT Donna Frye doesn't blame anyone who would now doubt trustworthiness...
the #hoeski has arrived
Amanda French #dpla Wants "gleeful rendezvous" with soul and body of a library
Middle age: When you can't decide between "why bother" and "why not".
Now is a good time to exchange your student rental instrument for a better one - do this in September and pay nothing your first month!
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. - Lao Tzu -
i always tell people "my mom said i can't" when people i don't feel like putting up with ask me to hang out
<U+200E>"May the lantern of my life move gently this night into all the places where light is needed." -Macrina Wiederkehr
That just made up for everything! Go Williams! #gopack!
Always great to see you ! It's a small world!!!
Take a couple pics if you can
“Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.” -Romans 12:12
People that bite their nails <<<
kool..I tweeted them all. Also Bollig.Ben Smith, Carter Hutton, & Asham. Lol...check & see later or tomorrow if they RT.
then WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU WRITE THAT SHIT !!!!!!!!!! Hahahahahaha just kidding
idk I guess not but whatev:(
There's nothing better then my caramel brûlée and a cigarette in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thank you! I have been dying to hear you talk about the book and your presentaion was great.
gabe's titys can beat yours I bet lmao
tryna hit the car auction up Feb 7th n 21st???
Readying for some Cher UK songs back in KC, MO...can't wait to be back in the triple 1!
It is the best single way that I am aware of to save money on airfare
bestfriend dancing on the camera <<<
NFL lockout is getting out of control.
U'R WELCOME...GIVE US A S/O NOW AND AGAIN...THANKS 4 WUT U DO...T/F/S...
I wouldn't sell you out like that, nope I wouldn't do so. I have respect for you like a lot.
Discipline is remembering what you want.
Excited for tomorrow
don't scare ne
Oh Austin, Tx... I miss you Dearly tonight..... See you soon..
love my nip nips C;
all moved in to the new office spot
Hanging out with right now grubbing on a fish filet po boy!!! Quick break before I hit the airwaves at 8pm on
movie kicked so much ass
retaking the sat?
love grandma Phyllis hope she made me one too lol
and just think, a little while ago you were complaining it was still dark out when you got up this morning...
I know Greek yogurt is so supposed to be so very healthy for you, but when I eat it, "liquid chalk" comes to mind.
Wishing #Oomf would text me again today...
The Super Mystery Jackpot song contest is starting over $50 Jackpot. 1st clue: this song is from the 90's
.: The Zoo
Joyeuse Action de Grace ! Be happy.
If there's one thing I've witnessed in life:: God is faithful always
Hand model on set.... Then off to taping of new show!
I fall for people too fast -__-
Do us a favor and tag us in a tweet,telling all your friends why they should check out . We'll tweet right back at ya!
WHAT IS THE HUNGER GAMES EXACTLY??
following back :)
Are we a country of laws or politics? Does our constitution rule or do politicians? SCARY TIMES!
I can't understand why Capitol won't release Glen Campbell's 1968 That Christmas Feeling LP on CD--imports are $100's on eBay
gotta get my hair French Braids and right after tht whole 4 hours of pain my head is gonna be hurting extra hard all day long
im following u hon;)
Pre-Orders for TA & T2 have begun!!! W.radiantrecords.com
my pants are so baggy and comfy it kinda feels like im wearing nothing at all
A good manager is a man who isn't worried about his own career but rather the careers of those who work for him. – H. S. M Burns
I'm not I'm just stating tha facts c:
please follow me I've never stopped loving yal please follow back!;) me gusta mikey
No i'm CRYING MY EYES OUT PLZ DON'T SAY IT </3 :'( :)ILYShawty<3
Happy birthday David Sedaris. 55 today. Just heard it mentioned on the radio,
Did Zayn do a twitcam or something. I miss everything.
And yet, you can probably go to a Gawker site and read all about blow jobs. See how this works?
Plastic eggs stuffed with thongs...hahaahaahhaa. I'm gonna be 40 and my mom will still be giving me Easter baskets....
My only drive for killing niggas on the court was to see the look on my pops face .... He use to jack so hard on a nigga ..
MISCHIEF MANAGED. "whether you come back by page or by the big screen, hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home." -jk rowling
“<U+10E6> Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength.” ~ Dalai Lama
yes! I feel special :-)
Lmao & what abt when it grows up? RT : I want a baby penguin so bad.
I wonder if anyone on the baseball teams wants these posters we made them.
Creating a dev environment for one of my #wordpress sites. Should've done this a long time ago.
remember to hide the tapes depicting waterboarding
i can't complain about the move. As long as he doesn't ruin the Bills locker room chemistry, can't hurt to add him as a backup
I don't care I'f it's a Nickel Bag being sold in the park, I WANT IN!
Cramps,knee,ankle,shoulder,wrist. Yup told you I'm
stupid auto correct.
First TBS gave Conan a home and now they're saving Cougar Town? I'm starting to like that network!
I NEED to get some really great headshots for cheap!.. my agent doesnt like the ones I just got done! Any referrals??
The Salvation Army's Food Pantry is part of an Emergency Assistance program to help prevent homelessness in Miami.
My dad sat down and watched the video with me(: #ImSoProud Justin BIebbberrrr is gorjoeuuuuuss!
Hanging out with the frattiest of guys. And watching basketball.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers and single mothers and expecting mothers :)! God bless u! And have a GREAT day ^_^
Do You believe that $FB is a growing organization? History leads MONTELL&COMPANY to believe that FB has reached its peak.
At kiddo's school watching the talent show auditions ... funny, talented and fearless kids!
Why does nobody ever mention Peggy's baby on Mad Men??
Rememer to suggest us to your friends on Facebook and Twitter.
U BETTER PUT SOME WATER ON THAT DAMN SHIT...(IN MY POPS OFF FRIDAY VOICE) LOL
I guess Hal Holbrook will have to get another job?? Or is he just the "boomers'" Mark Twain :-)
Prepare for a phone interview the same as a face to face interview (quiet area, dress professional and use a land line)
hes nicer then eminem bro
LMAO. for real. maybe if they weren't so miserable they'd have a valentine. just sayin.
Mr. Freeman made for a great moderator at LAFOB panel.
happy bay. G Starr! Just listened to u the other day. Been way to long and hope I see you soon!
They have a #Senator and a Repesentaive just like me in Eagan. They should vie for tax revenue like everyone else. Abolish
The smell of grill. Everywhere. Awesome.
Watching New Years Rockin' Eve. Great performances.
Dennis Schamp: If you feel that passion, there are seats on the board coming up.
About to take a small nap at this time 11:27 and wake up a little later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Testing Testing - trying to sync Twitter to Facebook.
I am in love... = pure talent. Never stop creating, Marina!
I don't care what anyone says... is legitimately very talented.
and the your "smang it" ring tone interrupted
Come see Shawn Tolleson talk at AFTRA L.A tonight! How to Launch your Best Year Yet!
Going to Rainbow ball day today after we take baby to school! Jackpot winners today! We R.
Hahahaha , I miss your crazy ass! <\3
RT : T.Millions models are on deck for your music videos, films, hosting events, magazines shoots, calendars
Is golf on today?
RT/mention me. I have a few followers and I can't promise you shit but have a good day. No 500+ followers to gain from me, sorry.
i had Marie Antoinette hair today... unfortunately i pics came out horrible =( will try again soon!
What's good fam?Glad to have you back doing what you do best! Dropping those hot 16 like you bless us with on Bri "Just A Girl"
ROTFL lol I know that my b ,
In traffic wit <U+270C>
nice hardware!!!
Gearing up for our show tonight at Imua Lounge in Honolulu, HI! If u haven't heard us live yet, you don't know what you're missing!
Can't trust for the record
REPEAT EMERGENCY MSG TO PROPERTY OWNERS: Thermostat 55-60° is ok. For every sink OPEN cabinet doors for heat to pipes & DRIP hot/cold water.
RT : Want tix to THE WEEKND tonite ? Tell us how much you love The Weeknd and include
was he drinkn or no
BRB,BUYING ALL THE COPIES.
thinks it's sad when some family members are nothing more than strangers with the same blood line.
OMG!! I bought a card to send. Envelope says "extra postage required." Just TRY to find out how much on the USPS web site.
Where can I buy Don Lee Farms Veggie Patties in Las Vegas, NV ... Costco does not carry them in Las Vegas
SO close! I need to feel better! I swear I've been sick forever.
"Once in a while, RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF ORDINARY LIFE Love gives us a fairy tale.<U+2665>"
Cloud via Canberra and Computer Power
The mosquitos there are like little vampire birds, and I had their sweet sweet nectar.
Sometimes "you have to get out of your place" and make your voice heard when it comes to advocating for media access and telling our story.
- yep, sounds awesome!
Hi, please follow me so I can send u a messages...
Love Masters Sunday. One of my favorite days of the year.
Nice, we'll see who's interested. Btw, we moved offices, which means more room for game night!
I'm so happy I have my mother and grandmother to tell me if I'm wrong or not
NERD...Noone Ever Really Dies lol
its a quote in EasyRider. Its framed on the wall in a new orleans whore house.
The New York Times and Reuters Collaborate to Deliver 2012 Olympics News and Data to Publishers
You sir, have changed my mind. I am no longer a *gasp* and instead I am a *wait and see*. Well played.
I haven't even been awake that long and today already kinda sucks.
6/10 11:25 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
I like the way you think.
Where's the feed that contains mic'd up caddies/golfers? Would have been incredible on championship Sunday!
Anytime. Just keep doing your thing!
I've been here & there lol
Those good feelings>>>
Governor Walker and WEDC CEO Paul Jadin in #MKE today to sign contract for $750k for #water startup companies.
It was given to me last Wednesday oops
I love Mardi Gras.. brings back the spirit of just being free and happy!
its always sunny in philadelphia marathon (:
My professional, educational, and roommate worlds collide at the chiropractor's.
only 900 bucks.. D: I'll just quickly whip some money up for you
Was this the source of the $8 matzoh ball? Was it studded with foie and topped with a fried egg? Side of kishke poutine?
Goo day my baseball game canceld so I can go to bball and I lost my gym lock and was about to get in trouble but I found it in teacheroffice
How is everyone doing this fine morning?!
what are y'all up to tonight? Want to hang?
Met shooting Dierks Bentley vid together! Been friends ever since! :) “: how do you 2 know each other?! ”
Is it just me, or is a business named "Colonial Parking" oxymoronic? Because you know the Founding Fathers needed a place for their Volvos.
Too bad the location by Disney closed, but if you find yourself in Winter Haven, chk out Pure Magic Ice Cream. Nutella with Oreo soo good!
Just drove past the Ectomobile on 71. Fully decorated and decked out. Day made.
it's a plan. I'll let you know. Nice avatar BTW.
i know.
Loving the way #WKU is playing against #UL. Proud of my
Can't do my hw -.- I need to focus
“: should I call 1452” yep
Learned some great lighting tips today in Pikesville
if u do have a party I wanna go ! :D
ahahaha! That sucks. We're visiting the grand canyon tomorrow
NIAAAALLLL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
I'm tired goodnight sweet dreams(: sorry i wasent on much busy shopping at Ingram Mall(: I was at lids hoping to see <3
I started of cleaning fryers to get thru school 16 years ago and I still feel the same way.... Hungry.
wise advice
Thinking about u Kim, ur family is destined for greatness. Ive been to Dubai and Kuwait & they are beautiful just like ur fam
As of today, voiceovers have a new professional organization: World-Voices. What do you think of the name?
Just saw the first pair of flip flops in March. What my Japanese co-worker calls "pushing toe" too early.
Really! I don't keep up with Baseball, but that sounds like 12/21/12 may be for real. #CollegeFootballMan #116DaysToGo RTR
What up with the Boosie Case BR
The last time I looked at Linux was in high school when the GUI was still just an options. I'm going for a RHCT through work.
Should I just take my iPad on my next trip or lug along my MacBook Pro too? Thinking.....
#NewGirl is the best part of every Tuesday!
Idiocy and Yay, Verily, Idiocy Perpetual
Back in Chicago it's 49 degrees. Here, it's 83. WINNER
only going to have 2 days of school this week :D
i have like noo money! and no way to get any! im going to cry:((((((
That raptors decal really messes with your eyes
Now on tap: Landmark Wit
Imma changed man, just cuz you mean that much to me
I'm here come down
There was a question in all that word salad?
how are your nosostrils doing?
My connection is bad so I am assuming that some of my messages were not received.
GOOD NIGHT C:
Amen! Empowering our youths is essential.
Thanks for the rec! Will definitely check out Dr. Wagers.
Brandon Bleckley Stewart
It's always a great feeling leaving the middle for the edge.
im boredd going to take a shower nd study -_-
People kill people who kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
Im more than humbled that u asked me to help spread the word about something as important as men's cancer.
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved. - Sun Tzu
"you would look good together" "i would look good with any girl"
woops last update meant to be a reply to you. But it's still plays a major role and people look to radio to be introduced to
. On GIMP or photoshop? Think I will download GIMP, photoshop costs an arm and a leg!
I always say put your best goods in the front window....
Alabama doesn't buy Romney's corn-pone "I like cheesy grits" act. Santorum wins AL.
no problem bro
i had almost forgotten about fireflies..
You are pure genius - thanx!
This weekend would have been Art Chicago... somebody screwed the pooch on that one.
Tyler Hunt with a two-run triple w/ 2 outs in top of 7th -- his 3 hit of the game -- gives Fennimore a 7-2 lead after 6 1/2 innings.
In honor of i just had some watermelon
justin timberlake is on it :) and so is Seal :) its like old school I love it!!!
Anyone have a banjo they want to give to me?
emiko oye will be in Art Of #Toys tonight for Alister Olivers fashion show with her #Lego jewelry!
Cookin some breakfast with Mary J and thinking about drinking green not spending it today
oh no lol im sorry lol
UNLV fans liked my latest college basketball article sweet....
Call us at 504-945-2181 and ask for Mikey.
@ Houston Symposium for Research in Education & Psychology. I'm impressed w/the breakfast spread. Nice work GSO!
Anyone know of a good #nptech chat?
Soundpony tonight! We're playing with psychotic reaction/dull drums/rude amps. It's gonna be killer!
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome night. Good turnout, kids. Most fun Wednesday yet.
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool What the fuck is she wearing ?
WTH is J. Hill on? Fam is too random.
Sorry for the delay...yes, 99cent Iced Tea thru May 6. We'll follow up with you.
Who wants 2 FREE tickets to the Denver Home Show? First to call 303-922-8811 and mention Facebook or Twitter, WINS!
I almost became local ex-con/rapper's lady in the back of the KFC... BURLESQUE & I bought a cuddly critter temp. tattoo
Spend my day in Managua visiting grassroots orgs that battle sexual and gender based violence
How do you feel about ? Is Gaga a genius or an outrageous sensationalist looking for attention and pushing an agenda?
no es pa tanto <U+270B> more like watch some locas go loca on a table ;)
that's it?? Wow. That sucks!
3-21 huh Kobe best player in the league? I think not!!!
Gio was number 8 today on top 10! add it to the list!
Goin to bed listeing to my favorite song of TVD #florence and the machine-Never Let Me Go
I need to go to another concert like NOW UGH
Our Divine Lord said to St. Mechtilde: When you awake in the morning, let your first act be to salute My Heart, and to offer Me your own.
lol. Kudos for marking the Bday.
ready for Steelers football.
#2FollowersThatShouldDate and I think they'd be so cute together :')
Those Charlie Brown cupcakes are so great!
Boise St -9.5 w/ a 54 tonight, Can't see how Boise doesn't cover that 9.5 with ease
I need to promote the hell out of this instrumental album dropping late this summer.
Damn you should passed a nigga a bottle then, haha go eat a sammich you'll sober up
Seriously girl...we need to hang out! Actually...I'm going to text you right now...enough is enough :)
you are muy annoying
Rick Perry just didn't have the energy it takes for a debate.
Madison No Fear Dentistry is a Mercury FREE dental practice to help protect the longevity of your teeth!
Welcome to twitter Matt. Glad James followed up with you about , sorry been swamped! Catch up soon. Attending #SXSW?
lmao! so true!
Plus Go fuck yourself ! Grab a strap n bang yourself.
were just too cooll.. :)
I think #Tiger is back.. may not win this week but it's coming soon.
Harder than I thought but I feel great that I did it!
Seems issue being totally ignored by MSM & by BHO. The end of America as we know it (or knew - past tense/)? Must vote Romney!
you crack me up kid lol
Broadcast Minds is coming. Tue 4/17. Industry Leaders. The Future of TV. We're days away from sharing BIG news:
happy new year <3 end our year on a good note nd tweet us <3 from ur biggewst fans in america Rena and Gabby <3xxx
yeah my daughters private event!!!!! We are so excited!!!
Ate at John's TexMex fer lunch n let's face it, best and cheapest food in
I know I have said this a few times recently but 4G is here!!!!! The Samsung Galaxt Tab 10.1 is ready and waiting for you!!!!!
Yea prolly not getting any sleep tonight.
Happy Monday All! Mondays can be rough.Great day to get even more focused on what we really want, need and desire in/out of life. :)
We love when people bring their pets! What kind do you have?
Thanks to for using social networking skills to provide on-the-fly bit.ly training for children’s programming staff!
CLOSER~~~need I say more??? Muahahahahahahahahaaaa!!!¡¡¡!!!
Viable explanations. I tweeted it after I saw a guy swinging said bag. We all probably agree he was way too into it.
haters make me nauseous but the money makes me anxious
wow buehler misses pat
Also, niece Kathryn has asked for Vera Bradley for her birthday. I thought you would be proud!
Congrats on another big win! #Congrats to Dennis Chin on great effort! He wins on the field and battles #hunger too!
Are you and Pork Ryan still in BC? I'm jealous!
Rivet I mean Regher may have just ended the season.
A typical #puppy litter has three to six
Not coming home.. gone wit Camero.
Hey, not a problem. Yeah, I filed a bug report a long time ago but I guess it never made it to the final release. - Alan
LOVED it! Thanks!
You're welcome, Linda.
tuition too high? we want to hear your thoughts. send in a video.
might not be single for long
Thanks for the RT of my #cnftweet !
georgia tech definitely not hitting free throws like last game
Excited to start my internship later this month with the advertising agency , it's going to be a great summer
stream it on Internet. Firstrowsports
Financial skills are a commodity. Operational skills are precious.
Big Book Publishing idea. If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it. It could be bigger that expected. 1912
Geaux Lay DOWN!
Our hearts go out to Steve Jobs family. What an inspiration to us all!
What do yopu do?
that is what I want - potential to analyze in context of previous readings. hey, so I could steal (er, borrow) your notes. ha
im bout to be famous!!! :)
Science Cafe edition on the Sound of Ideas this morning. We're talking about radiation risks and rewards- join us!
yes ma'am baby! Monday!
Yom Kippur is just around the corner... Have you reserved your Break Fast meal?
her "informed" response
There always is someone at the college party that is so energetic that they're either on something, or forgot to take something.
Something is going on near Campo, CA border patrol area, traffic backed up and 3 very fast police cars have already passed us.
So why DON'T those Pink Mulitway's come in 32 what about all the little Hispanic chicks and Asians and those kinds?
Full moon = crazies / Cinco De Mayo = drunks / Full moon on Cinco De Mayo = crazy drunks. Please be careful out there!!!!
Sunda.. Can't beat it...
Self paced Saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always be there for me .
Our 49 Alaska Writing Center write-a-thon was terrific. An amazing turnout with over 70 local participants. Thanks to all!
You have a lot to live up to after seeing !
it was under my fitted sheet on my bed... Haha I feel like a dumbass
Obama touts tough stance on illegal #immigration, calls for immigration reform.
Get after it!
That's good, yu get that paper sweety =) I thought I show love to ya
yes! hahahah. i think he lives like 7 or 8 hours away from me now.
NO CONFIDENCE in AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey - AZ GOP Leadership NOT following Roberts Rules at State Convention -
Hot Power Flow Yoga on the horizon.
Thanks for mention! :)
“: Best friend time with !!! Getting our nails done for prom! I have the best prom date ever!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>”
miss you salon!!!! Come see us soon!!
Haha I know... One of the many things that bugs engineers :)
MCA from the Beastie Boys died at age 47. That's sad news and too soon.
Hi Jose - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Time's ticking & it's almost time to go
Support a good cause! Impact Your World Show at DCC to help benefit the earthquakes in Chile! $7 or $5 with a student ID. Help out! Retweet!
From what I've seen, Pippa and JR will be held overnight, Power has been released....
My old boss. Nice!
The sad truth is LeBron is the most talented player on the planet but he lacks the mental toughness to be that guy. Which is why he defers.
Good morning Hampton, VA. Teaching class today on #Medeco3 high security, #BiLevel, & #eCylinder. You can participate too - stay tuned.
How well do you think the Rangers would match up with the Kings? I HATE the Kings!
Reliving 's marvelous Saint-Saëns' s Organ Symphony today, conducted by de Waart. BLISS
RT Last night the video shoot in downtown Nashville with all the fans was great!! I'm excited to see the results of all t
My professor just said “arrested development”. Immediately, four of us looked at each other.
Fundamentals are a crutch for the talentless.
Hey, thanks for the #ff mention, so kind of you.
Wait today's Friday the 13th <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
S/O to all of the good ppl in #TheNewD1 who have donated $5 and $10 to keep me serving on #metrocouncil because YOUR donations matter.
Wishing I was cuddling with my baby right nown
Thanks, I do my best!
I hope my sleep deprived brain can remember all the songs.
In #Whitewater with Robert Young, exec dir of the Whitewater University Research Park, a great leader for a remarkable facility.
Got my summer calculus homework today
MFME stands for my favoirte movie ever
and a wordpress..what, they have updated the back too with these slick jquery effects.
good im winning the poke wars on fb lol
ok I will :) tell him I say hi even though i don't know him :P
Why are people afraid to fail? Loosen up a little , failure changes your direction towards success.
Agh. So octopi is wrong because it mixes Greek and Latin roots. I knew it sounded funny!!
thanks for the tweet! how can we help you? message us anytime!
And there is nothing in life so meaningless as the score at halftime.
we will miss you this weekend.
The thing is you have to look into whats ahead of you instead of looking back, it just hurts you more.
Virginia: Proof that first is the best. Ya done good, John Smith.
hey do you remember the choreography to booty work?
Cause in this moment I feel so alive
RT : Facebook buys Gowalla <--they deserve each other
Man I want to go to McDonald's
INDEED MEE LADY .. As onto you a bestow a great glorious venture for towards the end of light.. I bid you ado!!
Hi, Rachel. I just wanted to say I love keeping up with you on here. Keep it up!
Oh the drawbacks of being a distance student! RT : The Museum Studies building is buzzing..
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 82
Mobbed is my new favorite show<3;*
RT : Emotional moments like Octavia's speech are what the oscars are made of. Don't rush her off!
Sounds like its very possible, thanks everyone makes things easier. The things you never try with a single Apple ID.
": Late night showing of enter the dragon I love it" was watching that too! High-YA!!!
Oh how I love
Get ready for the hologram tour. Michael Jackson will be next. If theres $ wait and see. As soon as his estate sees Pac at Coachella.
What up Friday
there needs to be an eye rolling emoji. I would use it all the time
It has zero to do w the players. The ownership doesn't care about winning. All about $$$. I love the O's. Hate how they're run.
This looks great. Can't wait!
and this makes me ill
Such symmetry.
fuck what everybody thinks
Feeling reckless, refuse to make wish @ 11:11, will wait until 11:19
Sounds like an incredible show. So sorry I missed it!
tried leaving a comment on your recent post but it didn't show up. maybe i went to spam?
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
Barnes heating up a little.
Surrender Your Wednesday! DJ Mighty Mi rockin' industry night...hit me up if you need anything 480.612.3337
I was kidding guise.
About to go home and go to sleep then be jacked on red bull for the rest of the day
sorry if I spoiled it for you. :(
He should get out of the world..
Getting excited about the Flashmob today! Are you coming?
Its just so soon -.-
BRILLIANT!!! Great job Sean.
That was pretty :) I liked the cool garage door in the beginning too!
dnt say that
WELL DESERVED! Of course you are missed in Grenoble but can't wait to hear all the good news!
Yo girl she like me!.
Too many words are put together for the sake of a lie.
The wait is over. Who's ready to hear all of our hard work?
thanks for The MMQB its just not Monday without it! Reading material during speech class:-)
I WAS RIGHT!
God is good God is good!
Doing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
CL : ( i need his address to file a small court claim. did an intellius. moves around alot
Hooray for being the new Art & Culture Editor for !
Goji is good!
Happy to be with her! : ) she makes me realize that life is too amazing to waste. Happy to be back.
damn jay it will be kool nigga
you obviously dont listen if you still think it has to do with standards or even you
Check out the cars that we have for sale and on display at the Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino at www.autocollections.com
playing iterated prisoner dilemma with the ghosts of the the actors who played Darrin on "Bewitched". Dick York is in ghost jail forever.
I say yes.
knows what's up! thanks!
pulled up in the monster truck
If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff. - Jim Richardson
RT : The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
they won't include him though...we all know that lol
Miami will never win a championship with this "Big 3". Not happening.
what's up 7 iron lol
my sweetie :) <U+2665> what are ya doing? :)
Yes you can. You can email the files in word/excel format and open them when you have a connection.
Good leaders must first become good servants. ~Robert Greenleaf
I'm ready for my bae to be here!
I Only Tell The #Truth .
Huzzah! Looks like just tapped Sixpoint Apollo (LIMITED RELEASE)!
Finished another "Mardi Gras" edition of CUT-IT OUT RECYCLED T's..POP!
Or maybe, she's just in bitch mode.
Ate a huge turkey burger.
Worlds of fun...
I can't wait to go to Seattle. I'm getting my ticket ASAP.
How Did Angel Die?
Would LOVE for you to start an edu180la -- have everything you'd need to do so! Let's Skype at some point...cheers!
Ha! What a small world! That's too funny.. I have a lot of memories of playing lacrosse v Liggett! #puremichigan :)
I don't like the color of my Toms
hey how dare you spam me? i am a FIESTA full of drinks, slurring speech and awesomeness. you anger me.
simple, elegant, perfect. Don't forget the men's uniforms! Brits do uniforms's well!
RT : One last big ups to our tour sponsors for : , , and Check em out! They r ...
you did??? where??
I'm in da projects watchin a nigga get knocked out.
Sometime around the year 1650, the legend has it that Baba bootlegged 7 coffee seeds attached to his body out of Mecca.
HI - you should check out , a great phone solution for small businesses - connect w/ happy customers
Keep counter culture classic rock out of commercialism. Let those artist rest in peace. Greedy little corporate pigs.
Nothing like a 4 + hours of a Red Sox / Yankees game
Fill in the blank: During the Blast offseason I ______________.
Have faith, it's free!
Smart companies know that effective HR is there to prevent issues; not just deal with them.
I should have majored in Interior Design.
Public service announcement... You may resume your #wwf and #drawsomething games! #pcbw comes to a close tonight.
SS, don't tell Noobodeee RT haha u a mess so u like chocalate dick?
So I am too excited to go to this concert! Today is going to be the bast day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<33333333333
I do not care who wins between Obama and Romney but,the Gay Rights issue is being USED as a diversion.The Gay Community should be outraged.
"You think dogs will not be in heaven? I tell you, they will be there long before any of us" ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
I'm running scared now! Lol
#Mayweather rolling shoulder + counterpunch is his main weapon
"My grandpa got fired from his Wal-Mart greeter job because he told 2 women MerryChristmas.Of course,it was August& he didn't have on pants"
im here right now!!
looking forward to talking to you soon.
did anyone mention THE EAGLE?
brand new episode in 8 hours!!
Follow she is two away from breaking triple digits. And she's the most beautiful woman in the world.
I see you're in the wind business! Hope it's a big success! Happy New Year and all best. R.
Future Facebook App: 'Find Your Father' DNA location platform
Why reach for the sky and only get clouds in your fingernails when you can go higher and dust clouds off your shoes?!
I read Game of Thrones out of order. Storm of Swords first. Sped-read The Hunger Games. Read Faulkner to a homeless woman. All are Fitting.
More than 3,400 #wonk T-shirts handed out yesterday at #CelebrateAU. What kind of #wonk shirt did you get? Send us a photo.
heather York just called Ed Echols ( head ) lol
Remember before the smartphone when you had to take your laptop into the bathroom with you? God, it's like we were cavemen
“: Who needs ankle weights during excercise when you've got tears to weigh you down #rightLadies” grindin'
Nice choice... although we always thought of those as kick drum pedals, instead of guitar effects.
Did you know, MANY fellow CYRs are on the ballot as #RNC delegates on Tuesday?
I think I need to learn a new karaoke classic. I'm looking at the Aerosmith catalog.
i would have to agree
Yes, we were just commenting on how good he looks...still fine as ever.
Montgomery, AL (700 mi)
“: Gore cites need for involvement is cure-
NCAA Final Four #client Coke Zero lobbies to make day after, ahem, 'Big Game,' a national day off. Personally, that sounds super.
With Steven and Morgan <3
oh if i did it would stay in my cheerio lol
:( its just a little dance lol. I tolled Austin Hamilton about it. he said he would shake his hips with you lmao
I have an interview on Friday that looks good . If anything its practice right? lol
Thanks for the retweet! Fiesta Finals Perks is a blast!
maybe we'll start a trend.
Sho feels dam good to me wen I push it inside of u!!
Artfully quiet today for some reason...
Every time I feel discouraged I close my eyes and visualize the future I want. Then I really open my eyes and start to build it.
So #MotorCityWives might get picked up by VH1..I never watch those shows but might turn into a sucker just because it's Detroit.
RT : bitches think they know what sus is....
Jim Henson, Bruce Lee and Robert B. Parker. Sigh...
I think I lost a little respect for her fam. Are they desperate for attention? Goodness, just let Whitney rest in peace.
October 2009: I plan to attend the meeting on "Hello and beyond..."
Will do!!
You Finnaly Followed Me haha #it's
By the way, I think is gorgeous.
what mile is that? how is she doing? what is her ETOC??
the stl knows no bounds! bring ur beantown azz here again n we will show u lots of love! #thatsallicansay lol ;)
Dang it
I use my new (vintage) Chemex every morning. Thanks to and , I got a MAD deal on that puppy
I can never have anything or anyone...
Do you get that I don't watch TV programs, just the commercials?
I need to get my life on track
woops, right...muffins. Very chocolate-y muffins with festive decorations!
You finally have a Packer!
RT : Drunkenly asked a 9 year old where to find sundae hats. She escorted me.
I'm honored! STEVEN LARS RT just so u know, EVERY TIME she's on and says that, just know I ALWAYS think of u LOL.
So happy I have a good man who supports me, doesnt judge me, and stays by my side thro whatever not many girls can say that :)
Happiness is a way to travel, not a destination. ~Roy Goodman
The presentation went well. You should have been there. It was fun.
RT rt if you've finally perfected your human guise & can walk among them undetected
At Harvard Law School in Boston for the DPLA meeting. Interesting to see a community trying to build a new "platform" :-) Fun :-)
Trying very hard not to be sad that Doctor Who is filming by the Brooklyn bridge today and I'm not there to see it.
SICK SEASON
What can wash away your sins? What can make you hold again? I’m glad you asked… nothing but BLOOD OF JESUS. Be Encouraged!
have an Idea for fixing the oil spill in the gulf. Do you have an email I can send it to ?
That means a lot! Thanks!
plus often a social circle of dojo rats to lend encouragement, friendship and maybe even a little helpful intimidation.
RT - Idk who is worse the jacksonville jaguars or the Boston red sox! Haha. Go yankees!
Contador and Sammy Sanchez ride away from everyone tomorrow? An evil plan...
So tired. I thought sleeping was important...if it was school wouldn't start till noon or something. Gonna be a #greatday. Maybe.
Watching the season finale of two and a half men.
Remember, Memphis' own Irish Pub The Brass Door invites #FAI12 artists to come play any time during the conference! 152 Madison, after 10pm!
My dogs are soo happy that is it cooler outside so they can go walking again.
Wasn't Enron on that list?
RT : o what do she have on?
Why do people wait to make decisions and send me tons of e-mails when I'm not in the office? Scared to be gone 3.5 days starting Friday!
LOL RT : If I had $100 billion to spend, I'd either buy (A) comic books; or (B) Finland.
can i get a retweet for my birthday?!
while you are celebrating I'll be reading War and Peace and in between reciting Bible verses. #
setting up EPK stuff soon
#TEDxABQ is amazing!
We are Marquette!
ARGH!! WTF??? I meet someone genuinely nice, who I really like and then he thinks I'm a pushover & can just walk all over me...
#firstjob I wore a giant oven mit in front of Arby's. People loved me, I was pretty much a local celebrity.
Glad you're here, Hope you're having a good time! Share a pic :)
Jacob: "M. E. O. W." (spelling word) = his response to me telling him to stop meowing like Gary from Sponge Bob
I absolutely agree...learned that the hard way!
What a fucking night!
I love me some - if you ain't following them, u suck!
“: Is it illegal in california to ride a bicycle without a helmet?” I'm pretty sure it is for minors.Adults not required to do so
It was post-modern ska.
Oh. I think I'll go get my walker...and take a dose of metamucil...then join the 4:30 crowd at Frisch's...
“ “ sex wit me a wonderful feelin At least at the end of the day u no im spittin some real shit!
its so hard to #staystrong but I see a bunch if other people do it, now ik I can <3333 Thank You!
Rise and shine!
just realized I don't like you follow me! and i thought we were friends LOL!
"does DUI mean driving under the influence?" "oh my gosh I had no idea!" #forreal??
No I miss u...u couldve spent the night with me and khi ;(
I look forward to following you.
Heading to #ZooLights at the National Zoo this weekend? Stop at LiLLiES less than a block away for dinner while you're in the neighborhood!
Flight 1: success!
Too many bottles of wine in this Italian family makes for a crazy night. Grandpa singing Dean Martin and dancing around
Another great Monday class. What a way to start off the week.
"learn to say no so your yes has some oomph." I like that line!
drunk tweeting? Lol
yea,but I was crying like literally tears were coming out
It would be the dumbest decision ever to let Pitino's son become the coach in waiting
1/2 price drinks, 2 dollar bottles and dj rey torres tonight!!
you know what i like!
it might be a phone device issue, i checked other phones on the same family plan and the others have service.
Maggie ... yet again she blogged puny dimensions
Somewhat close to 1k followers.
hey Esau! I've just been going to school! How have you been? Amanda tells me you her and Tina are always hanging out! Haha
Your arms around me tight, everything felt so right
Nothing is as exciting as getting a chance to communicate via twitter with a stud like
it was wondeful I have missed u
Completed book in about 24 hours. Must read for any #buckeye fan.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Made 's Chocolate Silk pie for 18th anniversary & it is PHENOM! Best choc pie I've ever had, #vegan or not. Like rich choc mousse!
next year, we're turning our room into a pillow/blanket fort.
Happy Anniversary! Hope u r enjoying you pregnancy even with the heat!
Some new faves on the NEW menu? Cinnamon pancakes with cream cheese icing & the cheese steak omelet!
girl you got this.
it made me smile every time I heard celebrity going to Africa. where my roots come from.
spending time with my mother wife and her mom hey must love the women in mynlife!!!
#mommausetosay if you sleep go get in the bed
you wish!!!
Not tough at all except when dining at one of the red-sauce joints some of my sources prefer.
However, NBC treats its shows fans like shit, so not surprised fans of NBC shows act like abused pit bulls. Can't really blame 'em
After reading a product review for the #GalaxySIII this morning, I'm pretty excited. The #DroidRazrMaxx is going to have to bring it.
That's the worse (responding to my last retweet)
As a cat lover, I can tell you it's 192% true.
Was god wit it everybody
- Hey! Know any freelance SM experts who could help a Dallas based small business? cc:
“: it ain't yo birthday, stop bullshittin. And if you ain't done then call the nigga back! Shit” <<COSIGNED.
Presented today for #studentaffairs re: supporting transgender students. Audience reception was mixed. But, every little bit counts.
" #AstrologyFacts In romance, #Geminis are idealists, often unable to see the bad points of someone with whom they are dating."
#free tebow. Tim just think of this as a way to inspire more kids in a different town. Your work in denver will not be forgotten
Stan maybe I can use your blog site as a reference
maybe Or Maybe not it depends?
I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil
RT : ESPN - Matt Meyers: "it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division"
Is three quarterbacks too many in Seattle?
Q1) There are so many social media "tools" out there and I've heard of Viralheat... but what is it?
mane just pissed off right now at quinton
I'm so sorry you lost your best friend :( #BullyingNeedsToStop </3
well tell me how you really feel!
Thank you for the tweet/shoutout :)
As long as we still have Fluery, McClouth, and Stall we will still suck.
Throwing steaks on the grill and then its back to the books.
Thirsty Is Not A Good Look On You Sweetie... You Too Nigga...
Sorry, Norma. Online sales closed at 1:00. We will have raffle tickets available at the gala.
love love love the song. Talented in many ways
When y'all coming to NY?
Such a horrible past few months...
Never going on Twitter and realizing all of your tweets are instragram pictures. Oopsey!
Make sure they have kittens. Lots and lots of kittens.
feels good to take the day off, now I can get somethings around the house done, and cook me a nice meal sis if your not busy you -
yeah are you one of those people who has now riden a camel, but never a horse?
has me reminiscing when I should be snoring. Beauty School Drop-Out.
been a 49ner fan SINCE EVER SINCE! I support the chargers but we all know how this is going to end!
hearing #obama talk is like a bad shart. It sounds awful but you know the worst is still to come
RT : #DunwoodyFarmhouse What are you the most excited to see at the Dunwoody Art Festival? Be sure to co......
Windy city here I come!! Yeppie:-)
my day was relaxing, watched the NBA and NCAA games for most of the evening
haha Dom knocking on the piece of wood in his chest
ALSO, i just watched Paris is Burning this past weekend. Can we have a ball? plz? I want to deliver some realness.
good morning cuz'n...
Is that a restaurant in a city-owned building too?
ever come down to ATL? You can catch Molly Holly at the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Fanfest 6/4-5 - www.promolastevents.com
Happy Birthday ! Our all time favorite is 'Oh, the Places You'll Go.' What is your favorite?
is sad... first time in 2 years.
I miss u too! I'm glad u ain't here tho cuz I'm sick! But the bait sadly set me up yesterday :-( but how are u
Being locked out of a class for the period....guess they really don't want us here anymore.
I can feel my lip getting bigger as each minute passes, I.am.stupid.
just had a cool chat with a future save20 product - OMG peeps stay tuned
I love music, It makes me bounce. #musicisatureescape <3 ^.^
LOVE IT!!!
Pay careful attention to #sustainablethurston movement...implications could be profound if the right voices are not there to help shape!
Ghost 3, got a great deal!
I fuck with Ready or Not joint
"I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start."
Looks like Ryan Braun knows his #plushdamentals. Go Brewers!!!
Not sure if I actually have free time or just forgetting everything.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
is going to take Kipp and Sydney to iFly at Universal City! Has anyone tried indoor skydiving? I know it'll be a blast!
I just had a *literally* ice cold beer. And I remembered why that concept has become such an advertising cliche: it's fucking delicious!
Great dinner with and Sheryl from TekWorks. Talking #AudioVisual and #Architecture over sushi.
Wow. Is this quarter even playoff caliber?
cuz that's the way I roll lol “: I take my sweet time even though I'm running late -.- why?!”
The tires are the things on ur car that contact w/ the road, the car is the thing on the road that takes u back to ur abode.
Playing The Listening Room TONIGHT at 8 with the lovely and Brothers Osborne! Come on Nashville!!! :-)
anticipating packers comeback
Congrats to Joseph , this year's winner of the Vogue/CFDA Fashion Fund Award!! Well deserved! CC:
just keep posting in Spanish. Bilingual = sounding smart. Possibly even being smart.
*raises hand*
Really? No timeout there?
says war sucks when you loose someone fabulous..
A protective boyfriend. >>>
I slept on my hair lastnight.
Mia Joy Candles loves Wendy Williams! Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle I sent you.
and has the chief of police and sheriff been notified there may be a decision?
i am i am !! thaankss for visiting me today (:
I just returned the favor and gave you a k+ on !
believe me it happens in my dorm too...
Will pass on the info Thx! RT : your friend might be interested in just attending & networking as well :-)
Lindsey did you do the marketing focus @ PSU? Have a friend thinking about starting $ looking for feedback about Mktg stuff.
wow whateva i still luv her more (':
Sometimes you have to be clear with people when getting a point across. For example, that butt lift looks stupid.
watched Thor today, great movie. Sometimes you just have to go against what all the critics say. A must see for sure, stay till then end of
Think about it. Why did we go to the Moon?
A girl who still puts up with all the shit her man puts her through and still decides to be with him. I respect those type of girls the most
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long..
#BeautifulWeather Open today and tomorrow from 12-6pm. Bring family & friends, or come alone if you've had enough of them :) Cheers!
Drunk af !RT : How was everybody's cinco de mayo ...? I slept right on thru it
you and Jack were both phenomenal!
School today <
Can u please follow us.. been a fan since Idol =D
Nice, congrats!
Just ate some 3-day-old #Mario's pizza so Twitter, its been real.
I guess Daniel Day Herrera is shitty.
we had an intern do exactly this a few years back. pretty awesome.
I know! I wish I had texted you like I had thought about doing in the back of my mind, we coulda caught up!
Health is Wealth.So take proper care of your health specially skin.
Last dam commercial,
Designers: Do you have online portfolios? Where do you keep them? Facebook? Pinterest?
#TGIF #TFB #TeamSwagger get with me I keep adding new Vegas VIP packages for ordinary people to turn into celebrity over night! Dm me, holla
That is one important cat!
just heard chucho valdes has a new release this fall on emi. it's been years since we've been graced with some new music from this master.
That's a long long ride
Been swamped getting organized - moved to San Miguel for the winter; just catching up. Can you ship those cheesecakes?
Hey, btw, thanks for the comment! I don't know how I missed Crumb's hipsterism; it's artsy pretentious not vapid pretentious.
500 free student tickets are OUT for 2012 Lu'au, but we still have tickets available for purchase at $10 each!
#nw Hobo With a Shotgun
No it is not wrong.
what's #'s lookin like on a show
PLEASE FOLLOW AND US! WERE HUGE 1D AMERICAN FANS!
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
So ready for it to be my daughters bedtime already! This child is driving me crazy today!!!
BigOven recipe app, released 5 days ago, downloaded 120,000+ times. Now #8 overall free app in the iTunes store. BigOven.com 2 mm uu's/mo!
WERE ERR BODY AT
spring is in the air! Can't wait to start on my patio construction. Imagine - taking a cooking class and then dining al fresco! Yes PLEASE!
I'm Not Saying I'm Bad or Look Better Then Anyone but.. the bitches that say that Shit are
Kelley busy searching for my birth certificateKOIN Local 6 News
There are 12 people on stage right now and I couldn't tell ya which one is Kool. Whichever one he is, he and his gang are awfully funkay.
It really helps us when we have to get up for class. we just.. don't. go. lol
LOVED "Over!" We want more!
Unfriending, not upfriending. Can you tell it's Friday? I sure can.
I'm not sure when I'm coming down next. is coming up this weekend.
5 years later, I've joined Foursquare...and I think I like it? One things for sure, Yelp and I are so done.
love you too hannah<3
Chase just approved me for an AARP card. "the card for people who weren't born yesterday". Someone just grossly miscalculated my age.
Next time someone says "I should have done it when I was younger" point out that they're now smarter, more financed, and just scared not to.
will do.
Midnight mass doesn't seem nearly as late as it use to now that I'm converted to vampire hours.
You're a peach!
" the burn means youre doing good!" COOL, now back to xbox. Hahaha
This is the best fucking Friday... EVER!
I don't trust people who don't love to eat.
Thanks lovely!
YES ! CMON I WANT YOU TO GO !!!! LOL
I think I'd be the happiest child alive if you followed or tweeted me or both hahaha! :D <3
We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at 8pm for tasting event of new cocktail. Please DM for more info.
Hey guys -Diamond :)
You're a bacon of a banana!
will be closing at 4PM today for a private event. The Rock Shop will remain open. The Hard Rock will reopen 5/14 at 11AM
We can’t change the past and what happened yesterday – we can absolutely change how those experiences impact us today and tomorrow
I lost control with that one :)
I miss you already . Have fun 4 me . & tell miss you wt the BULLSHIT
#ifiwereu i would not go out in public
Go blazers!!
that's fine! You will be doing plenty next week!
Its merry happy hump day.
Port St Lucie Pain Management Group Now Accepting New Patients - PR Web (press release)
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
St. Florian's Church has their festival going on next door, and I can safely say the cover band playing doesn't know any songs past 1987.
My fro looks and feels amazing
RIAA&#39;s Waterloo? Anonymous Looks to set streaming music free
Sporting Explore 2.0 is now available for all Android and iOS devices. Download and check out the new features for tonight's match!
I'm actually watching victorious now!
May 2, 1942: Churchill: "I have read very few books during this war, only 6 or 7. I am a great lover of narrative."
Long-time buddies & former teammates #JohnBosa and talk about John's son going to #OhioState and more on radio and online.
5 minutes in. How am I still in class?
Browsing my timeline makes me feel pulled in different directions. So many happenings competing for my attention.
We are all born for love... it is the principle existence and it's only end. by Disraeli
Because its the TRUTH!! ; )
“ Jennifer lost cool points” AGREED!
Happy 1 year & 10 months baby :) I love you Cory <U+E022>
I don't think people understand the importance of a good education, and that constantly irritates me.
the backup singer in the purple looks like you
I have diagnosed myself with public-bathroom-a-phobia...
No. RT : Jonas Album Will Be Amazing (?)
« I know A few of y'all be soo fake towards me but it's w.e *shrugs*»
how do u changee your pic on here?
It'd be nice to be on a normal persons sleep cycle
Get any Specialty 20" Pie and receive 6 garlic knots FREE! Mention this tweet!
you have the best parents. Ever! Tell them #BoomBoomHey for me
Shooting the video for "The Planking Song" Tomorrow in Florida.....
#sea If you could meet anyone from the Bible (other than Jesus) who would it be and what would you ask them?
We are a teen webshow blogging about today's Detroit Trending Topics, Can we include your tweet please?
Surprisingly, I get to be a part of the casting for Frozen Ground all tomorrow... Wish me luck :) Nicholas Cage's movie :D
#churchplanters The city He has called you to has people & families that need to hear the gospel! Never enough churches, ANYWHERE!
How is everyone doing tonight?
Pepsi MAX Inks Deal With Basketball Star Kyrie Irving - Sacramento Bee
And it's such a good movie, too. Need to seek out her debut.
follow her, she is my rbbito<3
whats up how u been
last I saw 3 radio stations have dropped Rush. Anymore today?
Being annoyed&was about to punch someone in the face,but then I remembered,What Would Jesus Do?So I lit them on fire&sent them to Hell. >:D
Battle over jobs today. Gov. Walker says new data shows 50k more jobs added last year. Barrett says he's cooking the books.
Thank you Josh! I love doing the Dennis Miller show. I have a lot of respect for how he supports our troops.
Pedicure tomorrow, yes!
Power was out all night. I'm back online now.
I love ...Not coming from a mahomie but a friend...and im always here for him...always...:D <U+E022>
“: “: cheat day is it? LOL” omg... I'm so ashamed lol. Almost took with me! Lol” Busted!!
I'll say it again ALL THE GREATS put in work at some point, Thats the #KillerInstinct Lebron lacks...along with a ring lol
not sure I offer much in the "potent quotables" category, but glad you like my name...
We are working Sat.
I'm ready to see clouds moving really fast across the sky in movies again.
why thank you.. check us out on facebook.com/theslidersmusic and keep in touch!!
btw I love his ears lol :)
At OSG setting up for some IOS app development
Bunt every single at bat RT ": #Brewers offense struggles through 8 innings. What would you do to jump start this offense?"
Man boobs are disturbing.
out of control
Albino people scare me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Dear Twitter, an app update should be an improvement, mmkay? Now, roll back this new #TweetDeck crap quickly please.
i'll text ya right now! And wow you aren't supposed to agree! Lol. & me too. (:
We play the Spurs vs. the Nuggets tonight. ;)
Happy Birthday and !!! Also, to my baby brother who is now 12!! :D
So sick! What is wrong with this country!
Join us for a glass of FREE wine at Sketch Wine Bar on 101 Broadway tonight at 5PM. Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
You take my phone... I take your soul...
Multitasking like crazy at work. Good thing I'm sitting down.
neither both blow budget.
Doing my best to bring my spirit of aloha to the fore today... and not bean someone with a spare hard drive instead.
I'm not going to let what you did to me, ruin my happiness forever :)
Free admission to our galleries the first Wednesday of the month - wait, that's today! We're open 11 am to 5 pm.
heath slater is the best superstar in the wwe
That awkward moment when some little girls are better dancers than grown men and women
Aw thanks -great to make your acquaintance! It was fantastic having you tweet & comment on so many poignant panel quotes today.
dude, I did lick it off, I love Ketchup
Whoa. That really just happened. What the actual fuck?
Does Calipari even coach or is he just a guy standing in a suit? He just recruits really well, those UK players don't even need a coach
“: that's better than Dontesha doe haha”/ or shamniqua !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
alternately, Kentucky Derby this Saturday. Mint Juleps & Fancy hats?
(c) black people.
LOL! I bet it seems that way. I posted a delicious frozen blueberry dessert today that she might love as an alternative :)
Wouldn't it be something if Paul Bissonette scored the GWG for the Coyotes tonight? I mean, it would involve the Coyotes winning, but...
how much longer are you going to be up?
my mom said if i try for good grades she'll stop smoking.~ I'll do it for you mom. I think I'm gonna do some work noww~ bbl
Oh my God...I just spent 8 hours without my cell phone. How did I survive?
RT : Well told me to go to bed...good night twitter.
Was a Spokesmodel for a great company this past weekend. Hitting the office later today, then more castings.
This Moms day, if you have a mom that you love, don't Tweet about it, get up and tell them yourself.
He is. I believe there is a fix but it won't be fixed until tomorrow. There will be an announcement during 2nd hour about it.
just firing shots tonight!
i retweeted this
your mean
Finally got a film intro from Meg! Go Meg Into the Wake just got a Golden Badger Award! About to start at the Bartell.
“: You know about Skrillex? You must be a diehard dubstep fan.” << Hahahahahahahahaha this is so true these days, lol
Comicon Texas was the most successful show ever !!! Thank you.
And it misses you too! :)
I agree, the sky is the limit for this kid. This freshman class is going to be very good with some experience.
they did not approve lol
lol it's ok, she's someone else's problem now. If I could reprogram my teenage daughter I'd be set. Lol
God IS and WAS and WILL ALWAYS be!
Going too sleep late everynight , and regreting it every morning <<<
I really don't understand how people can hate on Adele, like wat the fuck man?
NO I wish but its ok Yo get me a BF for my bday
Yes, I do enjoy unfollowing people hell bent on educating us on social media, and other popular MarCom practices.
so rude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
First in line for the screening of Dark Shadows!
ikr and I'm trying
party party party (;
Lol Kobe is on SportsCenter complaining about ppl putting 2gether "Super Teams". How soon we forget. Shaq, Paton, Malone, and himself?
MQFTD: If you think your too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito... DL
Not a fan of hearing peter gabriel songs during household appliance commercials.
Part of me says I can't keep drinking like this. The other part of me says, "Don't listen to that guy. He's drunk."
My family is on my way yo my house for my moms party boy this gonna be interesting O.o
tomorrow n u? :)
and I'm Jill's lucky 20th ;-)
congrats to ! We think she is the best person for the job and we finally broke our yard sign losing streak!
Just to visit you and I'll wear a blessthefall shirt ;)
how you doin
so sexual doesn't count? “: nah, I don't feel better at the expense of other people.”
Like #gotowebinar for some events but with an audience mostly on mobile devices, it's not the tool for me.
Thanks for using ShowClix :) Have a great time!
I feel you ;)
and how do they do that?
Where is my nigga
Just started an app development company. Details to come.
your gonna have a beast week against the cowboys save this tweet
awww Austin im so sorry my poor baby feel better I wish i could hold you and make you feel better<3 #RIPAngel :((
Location scouting!
Champagne & Chickenheadz go!!!
Never fuck with a guy who wears jeans to the gym
Welcome to my house party party.
RT : Q4: I only need two - gps to identify my location, droid to phone home
Kobe, LeBron, Durant, Wade, Chris Paul is my top 5, in no particular order
Me neither. No one needs to know I'm on the rag.
follow Carmona Pictures. We loved your SPEECH tonight!!!!
I'm at bottom of 312
I'm so in love with Hayley Williams :)
If I won the lottery the first and only car I would buy would be a Toyota Yaris
I meant I'm gettin painted not Jerry! 11pm at Hydrate
Honestly, i like mac millers old stuff way better than his new stuff.
just @ me RT : My pussy good , his dick g0ld !
“: First Cutthroat Pale Ale, what the f have I been thinking waiting this long to try, fantastic beer” Thanks !!!
Had no idea nypl's collections lived under Bryant park. Thinking of all the times I meandered on the grass above all that knowledge.
Arianna Huffington never ceases to surprise me w/ her contradictions, yet she sure can point 2 others, right?
no, trying to win it after interception! On 2nd yard line 65 sec
Should I be worried that I haven't seen any live event tweets this weekend?
DIY Fashion: Bedazzled Collar Necklace - Cambio
Going to try that ASAP, liquid lunch!?!
GM my followers
I'm sure we can scare some up over at STAMP, meet you at the top/front door at 4
Everyday is 'take your child to work day' for me.
l love you guys i'm listening to Rihanna/Britney Spears "S&M (Remix)" S&M (Remix) 2010
Cool! I really like Reaper.
That line was from "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins".
Big ups!! 2 4 his Oscar & T.J. Martin 4 being the 1st African American Director to win as well.
Yay! My work week is over!
Good cider tastes no more like apple juice than fine wine tastes like grape juice. Expect more from your cider! Join the Cider Revolution!
Still feeling odd about things, but what are you spose to do when its 1 against 50?
Be sure and wear your sneakers.
Fell asleep at 5 woke up at 1 and i have work at 5:30.. Fuck
don't start talkin shit like that then you little wiesle come out here you find out what's up, we do out here
New Profile pic. Let us know what you think!
Often, when I am reading a good book, I stop and thank my teacher
Our 4G Wireless Internet service is $45/month UNLIMITED Usage. Modem is $50. Download speed is 6 Mbps. 7-day $ back guarantee.
250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design. Already have one? 1000 Business Cards for $39.99!!! Call 720-542-6105!!!!
Went for a really nice run tonight, which is extra wonderful because my run this weekend sucked. Feeling like less of a running failure.
what u mean?
So excited for Saturday. The alligator pear salad makes its debut along with the typical 2.5 lb.
I already bottled a red ale, and the stout will be ready in a month or so. Let me know next time you're on the island :)
Thanks for the info, I'll check it out sometime. Hope your having a great weekend!
I think it can be. There are several ways it can be utilized.
Greatest day ever
RT : You are welcome. Glad to help. You and are working for a great cause. Thank YOU!
how r u doing in this 2012
I don't think any of Marilyn's DNA is there to water down the dumb.
mr.ensign complaining because I had a 3.7 gpa and my boyfriend was white trash
that's awesome! I think I should get a Beyond tattoo next haha
Remember when Justin came out with the acoustic version of "one time" around Christmas? Now a whole album<3. He's grown so much.
sometimes, you just gotta be the bigger person, suck it upp, & leave it alone...
thought cooper's shot off the turnover was in to win it for #ohio. overtime!
any thing for you
Ladies: Please dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
Welcome, thanks much for following.
Hoping for good weather for Saturday's
OKC get it together
I saw that on the news, and I thought it was pretty dumb too..., lol
#inappropiatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust
just chillin. wanting to get on chat with some people. but,,, im watching country music videos for right now.
A friend said, "okay, it's 4x6 inches, now make it 4 x 6 feet!" With now two people saying make it big...hm.
it assumes weapons but not bribery. Bears are very honorable
#HowToKeepARelationship by been yourself
Reminder: 3pm TODAY, South Lawn auditorium: DH Speaker Series: on "Idiosyncrasy at Scale: Data Curation in the Humanities"
Join us tonight for the band Radio Radio @ 9:00, you are sure to enjoy the pop, rock, and dance sounds they play!
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : this job search is so hard...
i seriously will show up 3 days early though
“: "Why are you talking during my lesson?" "Why are you teaching during my conversation?"” #thatswhatsup #thatbad@$$
oh, wow... hope it's better soon, close them and let them tear!
If a guy wanted to do a limited t-shirt print run, who should he use? I'm a fan of American Apparel's 50/50, or is there a better shirt?
You wanna know what's annoying when boys like girls for their looks!!!
#OhioWantsAustinMahone i hope he goes there<3(:
vs New Orleans tonight at 7pm. Ride out shuttle! Happy Hour Specials 4-6pm.
“: "it is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth"” I thought it was someones grocery list. Thanks!
Just got out of my first day of Track. Not bad..not bad
heading to the #RoseBowl and cheering the #Badgers to victory!
Chicken Noodle Soup. That is all.
Going to San Diego? Travelodge Mission Valley is offering 10% off to Diversity Platinum Members!!!
These chicks are seriously about to beat each others asses and it isn't even 11:30 AM!
why is Brandon Jennings Re-tweeting an article about his future with the I'm a little worried.
Start of the second half.
just stood on a mirror and smashed..amazing.
SPURs are out of playoffs in 1st round! Insane...
Natalie (BGC) is childish & she's subtweting to herself!! smh twitter gets ppl too hype
Thanks for the RT Come to "Free Realtor Lunch!! " Tuesday, Jan 18
We have no contracted agent... Actually we have never even seen a house with her! She set us up on a search engine...
Happy New Year! Who got midnight kisses? Who's really hung over? We're here 'til 6am! Come spend the night...
you were so good when you sang in the tinychattt!
Could it be? After months of planning we are proud to encourage everyone to RUN don't walk & check out our NEW website! drawnwell.com
Heading to for the opening reception of “American People, Black Light: 's paintings of the 60s”
Make sure you are following my tweets for !! I just posted some great #instagram photos from this weekend!
Want help with computers, job skills, or cell phones? LIFT has a workshop for you! Contact us for info.
In the mood for some Wendy's
So proud of myself for staying at school all day today! I'm tryin to control my Senioritis this week. Lord help me!
christmas party is always the sloppiest day of the year.
hope Romney doesn't try to sing some Elvis or some shit now. But he might have to.
Regardless of conceit, all FPS have Call of Duty somewhere in the title.
Yes, I'm at panel 110, Queen Anne and the Arts.
Houston has officially been awarded the 2013 NBA All-Star game.
WOW! #GameOfThrones was amazing as usual, can't wait til next season!
I'm going to put on YHF and cry myself to sleep
S/O to ! He's the only other person that KNOWS basketball & shows RESPECT to the pacers
WRONG IS WRONG
and we get our lawns watered. Happy Monday.
They should of made hologram 2pac 20ft tall... Fuck it, bring on hologram Mighty Joe Young
miss you too!
havent tweeted in a long time! no phone or car.. dont know what to do with myself.
oh no I'm missing it?
I wish I could sleep like everyone else :/
Why can't he see it ? That im the one waiting for his attention..
#itsFriday #endofanotherweek - were you more productive this week than last?
have a happy jazzday sweetie.
that's like a fried food heaven
School-.- thaank god its friday(;
barb, our director of education, says it reminds her of anti-war slogans in the 60s. we LOVE the simplicity of it.
Great Game! FSU pulled it out vs. Duke. Great win for FSU at Duke.
This lil bitch is testin me again really now I will beat yo ass #dumb bitches
Smoking weed under star projectors,
lol im tryna see man i been dead. u tryna drink tonite?
so not looking forward to this.. at all.
Beginning this day of gratitude and peacemaking with reminiscing, counting blessings, and watching the parade. Peace be with you, friends!
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message..thx
“Pandora priced its shares at $16, raising $235 million in its IPO at a valuation of $2.56 billion”>>Tech bubble happening all over again..
Just got done talking with an cousin I have not seen in 20 years.Cool beans,facebook is good for a few things.Thanks Mark S.
thanks anyway I can help the team
Huge Event Loren...Definitely gonna be Special ;-)!
nonsense conversations...i happen to love those
I did lol RT : My crack dealer started selling gasoline instead.
what's up big boy...how u been bro? Been a while...
Making networked books ---> 'books move in invisible networks anyway'
#Heat game is a tad more exciting than #Marlins game.
I am sorry about Joe's sister. Have a wonderful time in Quebec and let's get together when you get back.
please let me know your thoughts about my fedora/#pubmedia post -- i'm trying to figure out what it takes to make it viable
Home resting.. :-)
: You have such a beautiful smile <3
I apologize for excessive tweeting right now, but I'm so hyper!
Is H in preschool? My son's Montessori school is having a water experiment camp in July and I'm going to sign B up.
- i did? That's awful! I really hoped your bday sucked out loud.
Capitalism has ruined community, family and land traditions
I would love to get to know u better,your more then welcome to call or text am/pm 5038476149 my name is ireesha
Time for a morning hike
Home sweet home
The devil
Just finished a discussion with Neel Kashkari, former Asst Sec of the Treasury, on the famed Lehman - Merrill weekend in Sept 2008. Wow!
Who sucks more? The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy #Justhookup, or the No-talent-assclowns who say "follow for 1,000 followers".
New updates coming soon, keep reading!!
ASHA Div12 Conf. Tough question: Select only devices w potential to be final device or jump start process w engaging new tool like MyTalk?
nahh, just comfortable enough to admit it. Hell I'm not embarrassed to admit loving Barbra Streisand, like I was in h.s. lol
you can't follow ??
agreed. I'm all in on team Gamel.
That's sweet of her. I love Famous Amos cookies.
hahaha what a great movie
Want to give back through sharing photos? Download the app from our friends at
Some things can only be called Ridiculous! Especially the foibles of years gone by...
Good Friday to all and to all a good day!
did you see you surprise for you on your desk? Just put it in your wallet.
iwant to go see Katy Perry Part Of Me in 3-D
I fuckin' hate cliche people, because they are fraudulent.
"Whoever wants to understand much must play much.” - Gottfried Benn, German physician (1886–1956)
Bored I can't sleep and there is nothing on tv worth watching <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thanks v. I appreciate it.
/ great as usual- no sleep though! Love the EA vid!
I love lazy sunday's
Does anybody have a calculator. I need it for my math test <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
The bank called me at 5:06 on a Friday to chat about merchant services, but I was in a bar, so I asked her to call me on Monday.
MNF and WWE.... what a night to stay home...
So uncomfortable in these sneakers. Must. Break. In.
up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down
you're too sweet!
Is it weird that I find Jeffrey Dahmer utterly fascinating?
In Denver
Yes I'm from #LosAngeles #CALIFORNIA and I'm a #BostonCelticsfan <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
where they got u goin
what was it about? (the promo)
Headed to Zion Baptist Church for service
way to go SAS!
I'd rather be in Bloomington.
Watching Dawgs game streaming online. In this case, GalaxyTab>>iPad since gamestream is Flash.
The weather outside is weather!
Well in that case, Julieta, I am your caddy, one more time!
This coffee...just isn't doing the job :/
Gorgeous girl! How was the photo shoot? We hope you did our spray tan proud :)
If the Mrs. Lisette is going to be there, you know it's going to be a party!!!! Come see Lisette in this issue of 4PM Magazine-Hubba Hubba!!
gonna jump in my chrysler lebaron and gun it to 88
FACEBOOK PAGE IS UP
Is your child enthusiastic about music?
“: hey ladies FYI: 14 days away from #MissRiver12 trip! #motorcycles #chicsthatride #epicrides” It will be glorious
chores to do
to , favorite food you ask? spaghetti and giant meat balls! It went unmentioned but,dessert: captain crunch sundays with fudge!
9/1 Soft Launching of FilmBernco's new website featuring Actors and Models living in NM. Invite only. Email 4 details.
yeah baby looking to iran for leadership
Bout to get dressed and head to the Reeve and get something to eat.
thanks for the follow! very flattered :) -lisa
Good morning everyone!
Thanks girl :) luh you too!
GOOD MORNING! HAVE A GOOD LABOR DAY WEEKEND, BE SAFE
Yea we doing harlo together on Thursdays trying to grind
So excited to get these goodies in the mail today from ! So ready to #SweatPink in #SanDiego! :)
GoodNight Everyone *kisses*
yeah, I get that a lot
There's a difference between being two faced and not liking someone, yet respecting them.
Joel Stave looked solid today for Wisconsin. Took No.1 reps this afternoon.
haha yea..... ill get on thtt. Mines gonna be soo bad.
Twitter Censorship Move Sparks Backlash: Is It Justified?
very interesting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
no matter how long you wish that things will always be happy and gay all the time life throws you for a loop. but that's life and living.
"Think I gotta crush"
Excited to hear about the history of Jewish printing - thanks to Columbia's Book History Colloquium.
jus tweet me actuate of u (:
did Deanna still go to prom?
Someone just yelled Go Kings! Ruining my day bro. Already nervous enough.
: Re: SCOTUS denies ASCAP: Who was ASCAP trying to get to fund these supposed royalties?
ha! Love it.
you really are a city girl now!
When people lauugh and ask me what I see in you.. I laugh and tell them everything you dont.
Following the American Antiquarian Society for #AAS3rdCentury conference: Research Libraries in the Digital Age
She Just Doesn't Understand How I Feel About This !
"Pretty bad"? Scoreless thru 6, now 2-0. Quite a blowout ... if this were soccer.
talk to , I bet he knows a guy
my Luddite friend is somehow on Twitter and he is being really sassy about it. FOLLOW WEDNESDAY:
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure. Post all your highlight tapes you have on youtube on our site
Cut to: Sergio Leone close up
I thought I was your best friend!?
Good Monday morning! Have you seen our commercial on your favorite show?
I've been good blessed with no complaints!
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
Looking at apartments in Amsterdam....planning a potential visit. , you should come along as well!
I guess cuz its friday everyone is horny? Smh
Anyone gotten #salesforce #chatter to work on #blackberry torch? Hung on blue logo entry screen
It was a tough choice but the right one Nicole.. keep up the great work!
All I gotta say is that it feels good to be a lifelong #Orioles fan these days...
The world never promised to be fair, but it's done its level best to be sweet.
you're a fag.
RT : Gettin ready to meet with (Guess who I'm getting ready to meet. ;) )
OPEN MIC TONIGHT! Tix are free w/ a two-item minimum! 8PM!
How did the dodgeball tournament go?
haha dude it's pretty legit. Record it!
thanks for spending your afternoon with us! :)
...and has a tremendous hairline...
Looking forward to tomorrow night's show at Schubas with The Kickback!
Wow! The classic seymour!! Good job stormin norman
seriously?!?!? how did you screw that one up?!?!?!
Both of #Kman's grandparents now follow me on Instagtam thereby satisfying their craving for pics of him and no longer bugging me for them.
": Gotta load my tweets ! "f u my phone doesn't connect ti wifi here
nothin' says childhood fun like the smell of molten plastic!
Somehow there is both an Indiana fan (not really surprising for Madison) and a New Mexico State fan (pretty surprising) in this bar.
that figures!
Open the windows to your mind. Air out all your winter woes and let some spring smiles shine through! :D
Melo is playing some real ball...on both ends!
got enuf miles for both of us? ;) roadtrip to ORD! comix and white castles!
Faith No More.
"And what am I supposed to make of this nonsense?" - Me, today at MoMA...every five minutes
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 5
Sun is the best for relaxations! RT : happy #FF ! And down to San Diego supercross Saturday and relaxing Sunday!
Not even gunna trip over it.
Done with hangover, ready to go rock it
I fuck with cardigans hard
i drilled a hole in my guitar yesterday (actually someone else did, but i let them) but it was worth it
wat up Joe Bac on the bluff
definitely has raw talent. He rocked the stage at Hollins U tonight.
Top 7 at 7 hosted tonight by from the K Crew!
As she runs a huge mech is in pursuit of her. Turns out she can turn invisible too, and another mech came to protect her.
who's know where u are @ this moment in ur relationship I jus hope u follow ur heart don't loose urself again.
Spent my morning meeting folks & seeing old friends at while promoting Bike to Work Week!
Vanity license plate spotted: TO OZ. #Australia? Or Baum's imaginary Land of #Oz? Both sound good on a rainy day in
why you love so good and hurt even worse? Damn. :-)
Tommy Digger Gugger says he can go to Jigsaw, plug in a company and get all the SW engrs in that company <---wrong, misleading
POTUS: Today, we’re giving 10 states the green light to continue making reforms that are best for them.
Tough seeing Matt Kemp go on the DL, but it is worth making sure he stays healthy. Ok timing with #Dodgers huge division lead
don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful. they can all get fucked just stay true to you.
#CIO Quote of the Day: "Great technologists make business people believe it was their idea."
you've got the formula down pat.. Keep it up for as long as you can..
imma buy you 9 roses ..8 are real and one is fake...y 1 fake one..cuz i'll keep loving u til the fake one dies <3<3
You know theres a new series about Sydney right? The first book is called Bloodlines I've read that too it was pretty good
we gotta go to the club when I get back i got my nails done my hair done n some cute outfits we gotta go whine up pon sum guys!
The grabbing hands, grab all they can...
I think you are all taking that tweet too seriously ;)
That is strange. Facebook or Twitter automatically generates the link. I guess something broke on their end.
i wanna give a s/o to my nephew jayden happy bday homie(^_^)!!
Great! We should definitely meet while there.
Provocative 02/14 NYer piece by Gopnik: "the function of a social circle is to curb our appetites and of a [social] network to extend them"
Feeling feverish:/
Justin never stops trending lol! Good Morning peeps! Its saturday! Have a nice & relaxing Day!
Final night here at SXSW. About to see Nas perform.
Good morning, Wednesday!
Bull Durham. Everyone else a distant third.
Today is Picture Day. Post any pictures you have on me here. The one I like the best is going to get a call from me tonight :-)
and we're back...new $hit coming real soon
If you are absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Opening shop has got to be the easiest thing ever.
I'M SOO IMPATIENT RIGHT NOW!!
me too(;
Tweet me! <3
I may have woken up at noon but at least I felt embarrassed about it. That's being responsible, right?
(anti)aliasing, I believe. Send it to me if you want and I can format.
RT : Win through your actions, never through argument.
POTUS, on his upcoming lunch with cong leaders: ""I'm going to offer them some hoagies." (via WH pool)
Much need shot of East Coast today. Thx Bawston ;)
I mean if me and my friend thought you were cute I'm sure many other females thought the same thing ha.
RT : When you can improve upon what is, there's no need to fret about what has been or what might be.
I knew the slabs were going to look good. The truck came in this morning before the rain yay - the crane scale didn't work however.
you coming down for fringe? I think we can make that happen?
i don't have my hands on one to see where it might fit in programming exposure- I did do CMK in san antonio ISTE
im not lil wayne but itz no ceilings,cause im swaggin through the roof...
Very sad, indeed. Did you try reconnecting? They may be overwhelmed because I've told every person I know to sign up.
what's "the 15 minutes thing?"
Thank you. Haha you will be there soon so enjoy! :)
My son also placed 1st #Discus. Great job and I love you.
Society About Minerals
. My friend did one better: she contacted the awards organization that hosted the awards competition.
RT : Tons of powerful design here! Q3: What current #design trends are exciting and inspiring to you?
S/o I aint seen u on my tl in a min
or maybe so the fat will go to your ass and it get bigger;]
Submitted a bug report/gave feedback to and got a response from the founder in about 2 minutes. Wewt.
Also - what would elegiac whateverness look like? How does whateverness mourn, even as it thinks forward?
When the #wealthy pay their #FairShare: I call that #Shared Participation
I'm following you, now
I know! I have been walking around occasionally and having a small bit of coffee. The problem is I am fighting sickness too :(
Tryna find a job blows.
RT : It is better to be led by God than driven by desperation!
lol.. You miss me already? “: - come back!”
Wen people Say They Gonna Last Forever It make Me Think Like , Im Sorry But Its NOT Gonna Happen !
Thanks for following me Senator Franken, big fan.
what's up lady
Broke heel on boot heading to #windowsphone event. Big dash home to change shoes.
Aug Sat 31 ’13 Biggie East, Little Big West, Jimmy Eat Revenue $7m
Wow. Chelsea grab a goal at the very end of the fist half. Barca is gonna bring it now
is writing an essay for a scholarship...I need this one and a few others too!
Say hello to my relatives in Svidník (and our family village of Hrabovcík, just outside Svidník.
umm so excited for to open!
your videos are amazing please make new one soon ! (:
#IamAStanBecause He told us to be ourselves
This sounds dangerous and I'm likely to concur.
lol maybe they'll change their minds when you move out. My parents started spoiling the dog when I did. ;)
#vegan banana peanut butter cupcakes in the house! At eastside!
Blocked angah . He is too idiot to be on my list .
mehhh that's so much work. i prefer the hiccups rather than getting up for more pillows to prevent them haha.
awww you're so sweet and thank you! Hopefully you'll buy our album whenever it comes out?
Is codys simpson's punk'd episode june or may 17th?
Wine + train ride = amazing choreograph.. Lol
6 game basketball tournament today! wish me luck. lets go eagles!!! :)
I sing along to Carly Rae Jepson's Call me maybe.
Good morning tweeters!! What is your favorite chocolate bar?
Hopefully doesn't notice that I was m.i.a. and let's me know when the next game night is :/
Gotta shake the past and move forward, gotta make this last, it feels gorgeous.
Got something for that ass though......straight asshole mode.
i need 2 ask do u model clothing
I should've did a few things differently in my past.
As I told a friend of mine the other day..the Nats need bats....bad!!!!!
Can't shake husband's obsession w/snow ice cream. And he's not even a Little House on the Prairie fan like I am.
if i say #oomf.. it's usually bc i can't remember their twitter name lol
I think my Twitter timeline needs some CPR. I've been MIA for a while. First stop: Starbucks
City Hall? City Hall.
Glen: How geeks express the sense of urgency expressed by non-geeks can go a long way.
Ima trying to get that cut
I agree
Can someone tel me why we r so wicked but if you like by the gun you will died by the gun i am a man of the!!!!!!! lord and man
Army Strong Crig? Really?? That's so lame...how about the Few, the Proud.?
That makes two of us! And the tee should be on your doorstep by sometime Thursday.
love these guys!
A #writer works to #publish and see his work get into the hands of #readers. Thoughts about money are secondary; otherwise, the writing dies
im good.
ha, I actually like that show and yes I watched it thanks to the playoffs last year
Lozis are not of one tribe. Malozi are the people of Bulozi or Barotseland – constituted by 37 tribes including MaMbowe, MaKwandi, etc
My account has been deactivated for violation of some law, can you imagine what a bad girl i am dammit hahahah!
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Wed, May 16 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I haven't heard from Suggs, his agent, or the #Ravens regarding the injury. So I can't back up the story.
trough twitter we started talking gave him number and its been like tht ya i dnt like anyone at school so only way i find my bfs jk
Havel leaves a stable democracy in his wake. Il Jong leaves an unstable dictatorship for us to worry over. Sorry.
Can't sleep
In the shade
what choices ? Lol
#GLEE hypothesis: Rachel doesn't get into Niata (is that right?) and comes to instead? #pleasepleaseplease WE HAVE BUNNIES!!!
The universe is not made of Atoms, it is made of millions of tiny stories. — Joseph Gordon-Levitt
Not if Bosh can't play. And never count out the Spurs. They're as deep as the 76ers and they actually have star power.
your not the only one who loves the name scarlet I would name my daughter i"cough " I mean our daughter"cough" Oops xD fail
sure, it's in my bag--remind me if I forget
UNR students rock! This week (it's only noon on Friday now) we have printed 165 posters! Good going students & employees!
What said!
Yep, I know, but I got those because I'm going to eat them!:D
I am in so much shock & tearing at the same time. my heart is heavy
Still buzzing from Sun Kil Moon last night...the master favored us with some of his best songs about San Francisco. Sigh!
When I have the scarf on its because I'm having a bad hair day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
perfect. When in the school year would work for you? Us is better after new years but I could move up if needed
you were missed!
Linfield says #humanitarian aid is tied to human rights. Don't understand how orgs can disentangle themselves from those principles.
"Guys With Beards With Cats." I like that I'm a fetishized meme. Me and Hinezy need to submit our best look.
Ben Nye is best for future references.
now up to 8 official requests for a runoff election (4 of 6 possible statewide runoffs), still just 1 request for a recount
Damn gotta go get my son I know he prolly ready to spazz out
Rock bottom is a college education.
15 minutes out.
I thought will appoint Interim PM. Hahaha.
Hosting "Will Work for Food" is my dream job. Screw politics. Sharks, bees and bars are much more exciting.
Chief Teare: "I do not want to break the law, so I respectfully decline to answer any questions that would do that"
mother daughter breakfast. im modeling....yay... at least my twinny is doing it too (;
Health issues!! Yikes!! RT : #teamVirgo what's your biggest fear?
YEAH FIELDER
Well how would you use it?
Wishing u and ur family a merry Christmas! I hope Santa was good to ur boys! :-)
Omg I'm starving
the network would gain so many viewers by giving her own show. My friends and I are obsessed with her!
excited for next week!
God School was boring :( -__-
John Durante is back in Seattle before going back on the road on October 8th. Lots of time open for anyone wanting a piercing tonight! : )
So proud to be a Hawks fan. Last night's game was inspiring and humbling. No quit in our young men. On to the next round
Having an amazing week! Two great broker events and Park, OC tomorrow mrng, & a resident dinner tmrw Park!
RT if you are drinking caffeine as you read this --- what's in your cup today?
When things arent the same with someone:/
Happy Birthday Keith Haring #GoogleDoodle - love it!
Hi patch
im not doing anything until ive had a tuna fish sandwich
back to school tomorrow :/ :(
i just saw a hobo.
not laughing at all - it sounds a bit heartbreaking
Looking for followers #followback allways follow back all the time
Life's more amusing than we thought. ~ Andrew Lang
I haven't forgotten about you Emily and Peyton couldn't forget you even if he wanted to.
Take this life and let it shine.. Your will, your way. Always.
I was told mid September. I'm hoping for a free copy of the book for attendees!
Osama Bin Laden is Dead, Any thoughts on this?
Big rain in Atlanta today. Lots of thunder and lightning.
i hate lax... one of my least favorite airports. why are the domestic and international gates so far apart. i wanna know.
It's been none stop for 3 hrs... :(
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.
I was outside but nobody came out so I left
Don't have that mind set.Find something you like, keep doing it, and make that your goal, and you'll find love for everything
Every week I wonder how "The Killing" is going to shit the bed. I'm never disappointed.
I mean, he is attractive..
Colorado Kings up 89 to 81 with 8 mins left in the 4th. Tough shooting night for Donald Whitfield.
Tomorrow im gonna start my new job i hope everithing goes well:)
I'm great! And you? Yes love that one! All peeps must put that in their mind and memorize it by heart! Cheers! :-)
#why90srocked cause I was a baby and had zero responsibilities!
what word?
=] thank you
: So true! I read the first ten pages last night and was hooked. I couldn't put it down!
Our big secret revealed - Fun 4th Fireworks will move to + '11 artwork revealed. Check it out www.funfourthfestilval.org!
--- SMI cannot repair the economy nor Hotel and gas prices. As far as facilities more fan friendly than any others.
Adapting to ones environment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
whoa ru having a baby?!
Awesome Job!! Caucus Time!!!
Gonna take a shower. Be back later guys!!! :) xox
GT GAME
I hate this.
To sum up Romney: first God created Adam, then Eve, then Adam&Eve, LLC.
Thx! Followed back :)
Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid. - Basil King
Finna hop on the xbox while my computer is reformating, haven't been on it in a month due to work
some of us still think, before we write... i know for a fact that real Emceeing is still appreciated.... TIME TO RISE UP !
Interest rates on credit cards are often lower than penalties and interest charged by the IRS on overdue taxes.
: Actually when I was outside the room I thought someone was strangling a crow
Good morning FBs and Tweets! I just woke up so I can say that.... :) Good day!
what email address can I reach you at? -Adam
Starting a betting pool for tommorrow night, based on carl leaving some cables, a guitar, or even his amp. Odds are pretty good. Who's in??
wow really
looking forward to your tweets! happy tuesday!
omg ahahahahaha!! Wow.
I want fucking sushi, it's been like 2 or 3 days since the last time? That is way too long <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>!
i like you better then jess
Living in the past prevents you from living in the present.
Seeking a Sr. MMO# Producer# with F2P# experience for my publicly traded studio in Silicon# Valley#. Hit me if interested - JEliasoph…
": Stats and macro. That is all that stands in my way. #bringiton"
Whaddaya know? The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
i have a couple on tumblr but more are coming! :)
thanks. It was a challenge but worth it.
my home#208-376-1321 or cell 208-794-5456 Check with your dad or Ken Taylor as to my character.
Just made my first dress, and it's not that bad ;-)
Tryn 2 work it out am on my fitness!
you've done such an amazing job with fundraising/twitter. would you be interested in making a post on the LFA DMV Facebook page?
How about 'preferred'? I can understand not wanting a new IT director deciding they can "do something better than MARC".
Happy first day of class to students!!! Go get 'em, tigers.
Fantastic, action filled finale. You saved the best for last.
watching the #GrammyAwards Welcome back #Adele! We've missed you! And RIP #WhitneyHouston we will miss you. And congrats #taylorswift!
I want to know more about these people than their Trans history.
yes :D
Run up on Meechie you might lose ya life
Well, the storms have passed....
My school has a a project where we're reading globally diverse lit schoolwide to open doors to new cultures & ideas.
Watching Preppers. I don't know why. It's not like I want to....
oink, oink
I like that
I was just kidding about being a train conductor. I want to be a bulldozer.
what r u talking about?
TheatreSports Team meets tomorrow at 7pm! It's open to everyone who has taken a Level One class. We're lookin' at you, recent graduates!
Go head and do ya thang
Depends on what kind of weed you got?
yayyy I have a few ideas I just gotta write a script. omg im getting excited!! Can you direct & star in your own movie O__o ?
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
lol well I wanted to work #noriskybusiness in there. And I loved that you rhymed!
lol. :) Now THEY are adorable. ;)
Leesa I am ready for a contract!
Great job with the statue presentation. NOT! Makes sense not to do it in a stadium when you're 2 hours before game time.
Today is the big NASCAR race at PIR and the weather is going to be phenomenal! You can bet the action will be too!!!
just accidentally ate a black jelly bean. fuck this shit, i'm off to bed.
tried to transition from white-girl dancing to something less reliant on shuffling tonight, but alas..it was not meant to be
i couldn't care less of what people thought about me. I just didnt want to be bored learning about interior design.
Thanks to my friend Hank Davis for a courageous run for the State Senate yesterday. He will continue to be a great public servant.
She can go txt someone else
powerful personal story + artful storyteller = total enrapturement with Ramona Pierson at
I'm excited :D
Thanks to Opinno. Slovenian Startups really got the judges' attention. It was great night, good luck guys!
her hips don't lie
haha yup....sort of makes up for the #GoogleBuzz debacle :-P
"May your life be crowded with unexpected joys" --H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Luisa Quintero says, "I urge this board to remain competitive with other jurisdictions. I appeal to you to correct your decision."
Interesting choice by Blake - but may be the right call
It's not the money. It's the shame. "He doesn't even deserve to be paid. Why does he deserve to be reelected?"
Wondering where to have my vacation next month. Still clueless.
Oh cool! Have you heard David Lynch's recent album? It's bizarre, of course, but I really like the song 'Pinky's Dream.'
Man I hate when people stare >__<
Chili represents your three stages of matter: solid, liquid, and eventually gas
Just purchased 216 colorful balloons for Blazington's birthday party!
for sure! you should give our tunes a listen (: have fun at the Maine!
I'll work you off
Why does everyone have nissan sentra's?
how do the sell them hungry? :)
I've always wondered. :)
It's National Pancake day, so and I are going to Ihop to indulge in their free pancakes. You in? (cc: )
Thanks for the Link :) You're a rockstar - would love to work with you!
Call sheet (nearly) complete!
i'm taken sorry.
Right. And Daisy ad aired only once.
who coming back?
follow back :) ?
If you can't make it out please just keep sharing it on facebook and twitter. Thanks!
oh orientation? Sounds fancy :)
Men are like mascara. They usually run at the first sign of emotion.
Watching the telli
going to watch the Potomac Nationals thrash the Lynchburg Hillcats with the office.
and i love you! No one understands us hah
RT : A protester was shot dead and several people injured in Tunisia after security forces
RT : Congratulations to all the red & silver graduates
Glad to hear! I bet you're ready to get out there! We're better. Still trying to adjust to my hubby bein' gone.
this is really gonna piss off the & Guess they'll have to trash Rondo alone tomorrow
Sitting here debating on these 12'z
via : "For good-food revolution to have a chance, people have to make finding & preparing fresh food a priority.." wapo.st/eAdHaj
i really dont have anything to say to anyone on here lol
u keep thinkin that boo boo
conditioning tomorrow.
Really?!? But my nose is huge! Plus, you have the prettiest eyes! And I'm not that smart! I wish I was unawkward like you!
I want to go to Paris. You know. Paris, France.
Damn , overtime !
No, more with the fanatical harpooning and less with the racism. I need that shirt!
And TWENTY SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED IT.
60 I have no use for it because I have a canon
Happy 10th birthday to I think it's safe to say they're the band that really got us into live music. Those guys are great.
You're not getting nudes of me. Keep on dreamin'. lmao
laguna hills lady hawks heading to Sacramento for STATE! Congrats!! Also, Celia Marfone our player of the game with 28 pts & 14 rebounds!
I love you dearly BUT...lmfao
when are YOU coming to nashville
I predict that posts & tweets about #GC2012 by delegations should & will slow once the business at hand begins. #Paying attention.
U11's girls we played a tourney this weekend...0-2-1 on the weekend. My daughter missed sat. Game
has great tweets. I read them often
Thanks! And thanks for the great article this morning on the #CES as well!
Three former NFL players arrested by the FBI
S/o to my new followers.
Glenn Shaheen, a contributor in our Fall 2011 issue, won the Agnes Lynn Starrett Prize for his poetry manuscript!
some a tin. Conjuguemos?
can't let lil stuff get the best of me
If she's the kind of girl you'll go overseas to see or meet & she do the same 4 u hold on 2 her
Test kitchen appliances, review the latest trends in kitchen ware, find entertaining ideas, taste the newest gourmet foods and more!
5 Tips for Branding Your Business on Twitter
way to go girl! Play ball!
I'm getting jealous. :)
Got into it w/ some big black women at K-Mart . Ah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> wtf !
Please tell me you conclude all creative presentations with "dunDunDUNN!" (cc: )
. Dont worry dave toub will just make us a new pro bowl special teamer, the theyll go to BAL in a few years
Truth is I'm gonna do awful on my ap tests, and I don't even care.
who say im n stockton
“If you left DeAndre Jordan in the gym all night and told him he couldn’t dunk he’d have 6 points in the morning.” - Charles Barkley
I was home sick today, so I watched every single one of your keeks & I loved them all!!!:)
I'd so walk out of this class, but I can't get in any more trouble so I won't... But I Have to Pee so bad Mr, McEver..
My dad is getting around with his cane now...and getting a haircut!
Pyramid breweries on board for BeerHoptacular bringing a variety of their finest beers for sampling. Can you say, "Thunderhead?"
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "GINGER" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Wow I guess sleeping during the day wasnt such a great idea
Starbucks and a movie... Great way to relax!
It's never too late or too early to love courageously. ~ Maria Carter
C Springs weather is alot like a woman's emotions when it's that time of the month.. lol
Someone finished my root beer flavored milk... :(
they're done, finished cooked.
I was just in CT last month giving my Get Work as an #Actor and
RIP Whitney. So sad.
thanks for being part of the community.
omg i have butterflies in my tummy <U+2665>
Let's toast to it being Friday.....with 2 for 1 beverages ALL DAY! The nice cold pool awaits you....!
They were brilliant, the councillor said.
how are u?
When your dad is secretly a bitch to the same person you hate (: thanks for takin my side dad, love you <3
you were the first one. <U+263A>
- im Boy Crazi !
I miss you too!! I'm soo bored!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Well, they worked so hard to baked and transport those cookies...eating them is the polite thing to do. :)
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose. heading down there to get more details.
I really hope. What wrong with your iPhone
very nice:)
Wayne is my boy, we did yoga in Maui once good times
Fun coincidence: Rohan family in 2 great new, unrelated historical romances: Anne Stuart's Shameless & Liz Carlyle's The Bride Wore Scarlet.
expect Matthew McConaghey (Misspelled) to show up.
Agenda here is finding best sources of #highered #data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs.
Thanks for the RT! :-)
I spy with my little eye...something you could miss if you're not looking closely. Playful details abound in our Maximo Gonzalez show....
PS- was in your complex yesterday for an audition- love the image of Buddah on the door: immediate Zen :)
Ok, I'm up already, so there!
Obviously this isn't your first rodeo. Hope to see you guys at our shindig tomorrow night!
"The ball is tipped and there you are, you're running for your life, you're a shooting star"
Big ups to my tweeples for following me throughout this tourney! Thanks!
it's clearly east liberty....but my money is on it ending up as the new "east side"....
We've narrowed it down to BaseCamp vs Lean-To #projectmanagementsftware. Anyone want to tell me one is incredibly better than the other?
My favorite Beastie has died :(
No one says it better than Sam Clemens!
Patriot League announces Rowing Academic All-League Team, Scholar-Athlete - Patriot League Official Athletic Site
Very funny! No fraud here :-)
Freaking love your new song
trying to stay awake, getting sleepy 0-0 > o-o > -_- > 0-0 and so it repeats lol ,IMO twitters pretty cool!
Mari gone gt something done to dis head today
7days a week/ 7 different freaks but I got tired of fuckin hoes/ so I just smoke and count my cheese
I guess everyone deserves to have a second chance...
There's a reason why I hate being home, it's mainly because your such a cantankerous bitch
been ignoring the chores around the house since mid-March... it can be ignored no longer. Here goes.
Love the new office decorations! Where are you guys located?
Went to Eastern Market yesterday, great day exploring
'Cause you don't know her like I do You'll never understand You don't know we've been through That girl's my best friend
are the today show folks losing it? Used to be so strong! Now if the duggars aren't having a baby it's puppy custody? Sheesh
Here's an update on that girl...she's blowing me off, haha. She gave me her # & now when she sees me it's like I don't exist.
This does not surprise me, but where did you hear this?
Thanks, Tom. Definitely see you at Mai Fest.
thank you for the follow!
Sahr is kicking it on the Colbert show. Check it out!
nasty strippers with bad teeth! NO
Currently ninth in line at Ollie's Trolley in Louisville. Gotta have my Ollie w cheese.
Why I thought watching Law & Order CI was more productive than getting ready for work I'll never know
Back on top of my money finally bills paid and all Finna get cut up and Lit
Momma has to go buy me more treats so that I can wake Daddy up at 3 AM & bark at him until he gets me one...until then I want pizza ;)
Love that Biden was in town & all I'm seeing is that he had jenis. Shows what really gets ppl -including me- excited about politics.
hey hon (not sure who this is on the twitter) you should make your mj shirts the twitter picture :)
I wish the weather would make up its mind which season we were in..
Hooray! And thanks. Jack had his eyes on a table of women the whole time. It was pretty cute.
I tell people oka cool . When I dnt care lol.
hi Warner Patterson
Desperate times and all that. #FreeGio RT : And here comes Harry's hail Mary. Gio in the game
J. Cole - Can I Live
Jacobin Bill & Ted will be my intended audience, for sure.
No. We got 4 inches of snow last week...tends to put a damper on outdoor gatherings....
Dead Mac.
does anyone have any info on Marissa?
Seems like I'm not the only one sad. :/
We will be monitorning StubHub and craigslist; and shaking down any scalpers for our cut.
yo we straight. give a fistbump for me tho
R.I.P Steve Jobs. Thanx 4 All Da Hard Work & Dedication/Effort You Put In During Your Life In Order 2 Satisfy Others..
what bracelet!?!?
I'm really shhh! Don't tell anyone. :D
Haha crazy ass
2nd winning pick #NFL week 6 - Redskins/Chiefs - 37 -
#RomneyClassicLit The Idiot
I forgot... How fun it was to calculate self employment tax having worked in two states with state returns and three jobs... I love my job
Good Morning : D
of course. There's a surprise down there for ya ;)
sure ! ^-^ immature have to do it tmrw morning ! ^-^ anything for my #unicornswagg buddie <3
So good! Love rancid love DMS bands, cypress hill, cant beat it RT : gangsters & thugs!
I love #Seattle. I can sit next to a man or a woman on the bus and still get hit on. Great for the self-esteem.
I second that!! RT For sure next week!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you steal 's jacket at a bar
Due to a coal shortage, Santa will be giving all bad little boys and girls Nickelback CDs this Christmas.
Thanks for sharing Sandee. You are the reason the C-Suite needs women of color.
Had to come back to #RaymondLawrence to bring to see all the awesome goodies for sale!
awesome! I'll check 'em out!
Make it 6 craps today
Downtown Royal Oak #Michigan is coming around.
Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Much obliged for the RT!
you are super cool... Plus your alarm goes off at a normal hour, unlike this 3am buzzer! ;)
The served Does that make it better? Merry Christmas!
Are librarians ready to tackle text analytics?
No friends
Also our mid-afternoon snack :)
Well point is, every year I decorate it. One year it was silver, the next gold, last year red and this year Pink! Beautifully pinkcesorized!
When it rains it pours..But soon the sun comes out and days will get better <U+2665>
Saw at the movies , I was the one with Rebecca :)
Contestant in Saboten Con Masquerade last night. I did a Bleach skit as an original shinigami character. The crowd cheered.
Equally agreed. RT : I hate hoodies with sport coats
is using Rush to pathologize reverie. I'm now trying to think about relationship between wonder (via Sizemore) & reverie.
Ppl say it's never too late, but that's not true. Do what u can, while u can. Today is never promised tomorrow.
Hearing Gwen Smith from share her personal #foodallergy story. Very nice to have her come speak to the leaders!
Just wiki'd Susan Surandon to see how old she is... she's 65... FYI
The Oh Snap video had me laughing out loud :)
pants down
The band Phoenix is too good. I'm going to try & see them Wednesday but it's an all-ages, early show. I may be too old to get there in time.
I'm mad I just got to school lmao
I LOVE MONDAYS YA OH YA OH YAA
Never turn your back on someone cuz u never know if u going to need them or never see them
#fridayreads The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern.
Oh don't worry, I got all up on that!
RT @ none Thanks for the mention
HBO GO is the absolute nuts. Totally recommend signing up for it.
Girls want attention. Women want respect!!
I want a handheld recorder so i can say "note to self" all day
Boutta pass out
Julian Assange has plans to launch his new TV talk show next week.The Pentagon will DVR every episode because it's on the same time as Ellen
sometimes :D
4:30 am get a text from the brother "tootsies!!!" nothing more
This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!
I used my Carvin BX250 micro bass head last nite with my Hartke 2100PRO(2X10) cab with excellent results!.good volume and BIG sound..I like!
The more I watch the #Pirates the more I am getting pulled back in! Great game tonight
Wow I hadn't heard that - awesome to hear that & hopefully they will get their act together on the attribution asap
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
Go Cry me a river.
The majority of women at the WH Correspondents dinner could have used your help. Have DC women heard of Spanx?
Office Olympics update: Curling is about to begin
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you- "LIFE." Happy Mother's Day my Twitter family and friends~BAMM.
Very true! Give me ideas to be better!
Thanks buddy!!
Pray for all those girls and leaders going on the retreat tonight! They need our prayers!
Charter Internet is faster than the Internet at home
Engagement requires personalization beyond features/benefits. Tell stories about your customers and how your product fits their lifestyle.
Ur the loudest crowd so far! We won't let the rain stop us! Never! Thx to all the beautiful signs u made
Tomorrow is another day...
If you don't have any goals, then you gone be struggling living paycheck to paycheck
. Thanks for the RT and shoutout! Stay up, Jasmine!
iPhone? Still debating with myself especially since I don't qualify for an upgrade since I got a new phone a few months ago.
re: my BlueHost tweet. not complying, just pointing out it's ridiculous. A fool and his money, identity, and privacy are soon parted.
what about StaySchemin' ?!
Considering how deep this draft is, why take him in the 2nd round? Not worth it IMO
ONE WORD - ADELE!!!!
Battery is almost dead. Twitch and Comfort are leading choreography. Insanity ahead. Watch for more.
#Geekgirlscreate panel and the Disneyland Hotel mixer by ended a great Day 2 at
Performing tonight at Studio 305 ( 10725 sw 216th St Bay 305 in goulds (blue warehouse) doors open at 9pm and the fee is $5) See you there
I'm looking for somebody I can call boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
Yo follow my hommie and get your mind right
U can say that again. The scary thing is I can remember my sophomore year, 30 years ago.
post things you want to talk about and ask questions that you have and respond to others, if you have time.
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face; when he calls you hot, he likes your body. When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart
did you live there or were you just a visitor?
haha! look what you've done to me, Kristen! You put mathchat on my twitter deck! lol!
Happy Fathers Day! My granfather was best role model of father for me. RIP.
It's going well. Big news for us in 2012. I'll email you today! Good to hear from you!
Right!? Straight girls need to quit ''experimenting''.. All it does is break real lezzy hearts. :((
Pay a mortgage, utilities, groceries, car payments, and insurance and then you can talk about being a grownup.
thank you #directtv, 2nite i have no tv. im missing and not happy. call me
Going to try to get a lot of work done today...tidy up all loose ends!
It's the spirit that counts! MT : 3 days before #Christmas: presents wrapped=0; cards sent=0; cookies baked=0; tree decorated=0
Shout out for shout out??
movie marathon
I LIKED IT:) CANT WAIT FOR MORE
Longest school day ever
next Friday
Neva Look Back .
Why are women afraid to lift weights? I'd like to hear your thoughts, both men and women...
But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another
shouldn't you preface every statement with 'fair share' ?
I'm standing right now! :)
really..? Well I'm excited and nervous, haha
So have a Happy & safe Easter to you and your families tweeps!
Book your appointment in Baltimore and New Orleans www.hairgynesis.com for tree braids.
Ack! Can't old-style RT within #SeeSaw?
lol dont be late, its only a 5k. I will done in 15min.....ah ok 20. :) beers when done?
Minds only work when open.
great stuff..who published your workbook? My new book is out and I'm trying to write the workbook. it's on angry men.
how do you get your phone to do that<3
Good morning!
first beer's on me :)
The somewhere that it is five-o-clock is HERE! :-)
Started reading Lance Secretan's spark, torch, flame... pondering my spark
in 2 days. At anytime.
I am surrounded by the intelligence of Spirit operating through perfect law.
Unifies voice re: our values? Who and how will we speak?
11 chapters in.. Time to go look at a possible house to rent :)
Yup gonna be a rough presentation tonight
Just one call from him...and I'm happy again:)
... so you didn't chime in and stack your claim? ;)
Reading about Trademark law is as fun as constantly punching a porcupine.
Good morning.<U+2665> :]
Don't die wondering
I'm at #12ntcmoney about finding funding sources for technology. would be proud :)
I just want to shove food in my mouth and cry.
Doing some last minute shopping? Why don't you just stop by for a quick fix. We have all the parts in stock for most any model phone.
Oh, hey look. Unemployment dipped to 8.1%. Not good. But considering GOP obstructionism, it could be worse.
Not yet ready to retire? Hatch Plus is the area's leading employment resource for workers 50+ years of age, for more info, call 414-272-4544
Off to Laramie, Wyoming in the morning. Never thought I'd ever need to go there
Arrrrggghh Jordan Taylor what the heck was that. There's now a shoe sized hole in my TV
These about to be the longest five minutes, but go grizz
Congrats on your new business venture that's amazing! :)
High achievement is the goal today
welcome to twitter! I will be at #Diplomate 30 min early to answer any social media questions you have
"We look for love, chasing the ones that will leave us bleeding."
u should've rocked the red blazer too haha
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall? Dam!
I love all you guys a lot!:)
hate may be too strong of a word, but they are not buddies.
True it's a vicious cycle
We have two computer classes today, both in Spanish. The first is from 10am-12pm and the second is from 4pm-6pm.
when is the and the #Transcendence article coming out???
"Right-Wing Pundit: Obama May Be Gay" #huffpost Me to right-wing pundit: "you may be an idiot"
cabin in the woods!
am awesome ,thanks :) so where do u come from? Am from New York
Really enjoyed your event this afternoon. Love What you've done with the place!
it's like the baby is committing suicide.
a relationship is for two people but you know some bitches cant count...
this much! .. *opens arms very wide
For those wondering about the podcast, the name is called "The Personal" and is a talk show with my co-host and I with a special guest….
ESPN Time
Just nailed my Medical Office Procedure class final! Another A in another class!!! One more to go :)
News Forward Press: Luke Donald still has world-class game, but don’t expect last year's results The problem with having a
please follow me !!!!!
"Life is, at all times, uncertain."
This is my first day off in two weeks. If I had a gun, these squirrels would be in trouble. Suddenly wishing I were still with central pa BF
Each day's a gift that I intend to unwrap & enjoy—no matter the tests or storms. I've learned, the safest place is in the eye of the storm.
So soon!
my itunes play counter is telling me i've listened to 'ships in the night' by 26 times in the last 24 hours. sounds about right.
#downtowndenver can not believe how many raggermuffin skeezers left the house in pajamas today.. pull it together bitches...
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Death at #UNM sigma chi house was suicide, according to police report. 19 yr old man found in his room, had been deceased for days.
Feeling wide awake today, this testing shit better not get me sleepy.
Trying to design a puzzle for D&D involves walking the fine line between challenging and annoying.
ipod classic 160GB for sale. 125 let me know!
are you coming to the ballgame? Starts in a few minutes
I'm getting sleepy
Remember Kindness
Yeah, I think it's mostly about the sex.
nah I'm thinking he's been cultivating that thing since the early 80s.
Thanks for listening! Glad we didn't ruin our chances.
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
those microfiber Adidas ones are dope
Thank you! Sometimes it surprises me. I'll feel something on my arms and think it's a spider or bug. Nope, part of me!
How was everyone's first day back?
Does like the hats tht look like animals and r fuzzy???
Nobody acts like me honey LMAO >.< : this black dude on #glee kinda act like u
I honestly don't know..
Feel so blessed to be in Long Beach on this gorgeous morning for the #MegaIIN conference! It's cold in #Chicago!
Drums and rhythm guitars are in the bag. Leads and bass today then back to Pixburgh until next weekend!
Hey Hun! How'd the #APUFRINGE go?
who would be searching for gyro Clooney?
Spurs in 5. Blake/Paul hurting. : Clippers and SA... I say SA in 6... Just my thought! What y'all think?
You just HAD to remind that he can't spell worth a damn, didn't you? Next you'll be asking where the other T went.
Sarah Dougher: Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana embodies dichotomies of authentic/commercial, normalcy/stardom, private/public.
I miss you ;)
"On this day of remembrance, the United States stands with all those who pledge never to forget." - Amb. DiCarlo,
Excited to annouce that Masonite has been voted the 2012 Golden Hammer Award for the Doors category!
Drama, lies and tears Cheers to these teenage years<U+2665>
I have Steele pan :/
Aw shucks thanks Lynessa! I appreciate you stopping by ;) RT "Now following Love your website!"
we'll have some street art in the Refocus: Art of the 1980s exhibition this fall & there may b some programming opportunities…
Needs to storm!
Wow so much new music on the way :)!
It's cold in my room fr fr
Serious. Green bag photo. Should be art! I would hang it on my wall.
lol what :P
*Girls ": Being jealous and clingy is NOT cute guys."
Love is not temporary. Love does not fail. Love does not fade away. Love is forever.
love the banana cream tart!
that's just how it should be. We didn't do our job gettin you drunk enough..lol
Oh boy..
Just sent a bitchy email to prof. for having a blind person supervise us during the test; she knew nothing abt the test and told us to guess
#coffeehouse someone just got asked. To prom!!!
hey soul sister :>
ha. good point! I'll contact Justin and see what he thinks.
I haven't bombed anything but photos lately. I'm still in NY with my family. I leave in 9 days! Then, watch out world.
It's snowing! Is anyone else working today? Downtown is such a ghost town right now.
We're open tomorrow & happy to cater 2 you and your office! RT : That's outstanding. Yes, I believe it would.
awkward. Love that word. Looks like its definition.
Amazing how far WWE has dropped since WM. Couldn't be bothered to watch tonight. Listened to gaming podcasts instead.
U MAD BRO? RT : Both of you need to quit imitating me - YOU ARE TROLLING TOO HARD.
Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence.
Ur new show, "COUNTDOWN SERIES PILOT, HOST". Can't find the submissions link. Can you send it here? Thank you.
Patience with Belief - RT : All things happen in their proper time. Everything in life happens in the time allocated for it.
didn't know you were referring to a product. Definitely agree! :)
I want Spotify! I wonder how long it'll be till I get an invite.
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
remember when you told us what an upper decker is?
your 5th qtr show link isn't working on CBS sports
GM ... Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. ~ Tim Duncan
Those people that stood there and watched the Harper home run roll back down the hill are crazy. I'd of jumped the fence.
I'm not taking my mom no where, I'm cooking <U+263A> that only happens once a year.
thanks man I'm coming up for a visit one of these weekends
We're at #SMCF2012 across from ! Stop by our table!
lol no you go to sleep .
RT : Seeking assistance for your education? Apply for the Gary Yoshimura Scholarship. Deadline is Jan. 30!...
Mother's day is this Sunday. Why not suprise her with some great Bamboo clothing!
Re: last tweet >> I love history.
people wonder why fucked up shit happens to them, but rarely think of the fucked up shit they have done or said to others..
saved me so much time today with a Python script
this weekend could possibly turn out to be the best of my life! :)
I'm nothin but everything you bitches makin plans to be.
True! It was a midi controller, but cleaned up well. Break time.
so true. Learned alot since my two promotions in the past year. Very disappointing but better I know right?
Watching on TheView... hilarious as always!
Paradox of multiple choices: answers may differ due to variety of perspectives but only one answer gets credits in
Great weather today in #Pittsburgh! What projects are you working on today?
Ready 2 get weed drunk lmao
Training for Ent employees today for Quick Gym's Exercise at Work program. Just walk down and get-r-done www.quickgymcs.com
It's National Siblings Day! Make sure to tell your brothers and sisters you love them :)
RT : New episode of tonight! Cant wait!
Since I'm not at the concert, I'm gonna listen to drake and act like hes here spiritually.
Deal with it!
You have to come tonight to help her food truck capital!! Make her Pep Boys visit less costly. Help a sista out!!
Our May event funding small business in allegh. county - one lender will have an unlimited pot of money for our business owners
Good job! Funny how most of the callers had their own agendas to promote.
Cleveland baby! “: Looking forward to being part of the trading card NFL draft set..time to start signing!”
Movie time
RT : Praying for my bro G.O. get better!
Good morning tweeps. Thanks 2 all 4 supporting Christopher Leigh's music & hoping that all have a wonderful, positive, & blessed day!
Not only is the power out for a reported 2 million + Houston-area customers, running water out for many.
amen, sista! Also, we need another Skype date soon! Miss you mucho xoxoxoxox
I rather spend money baby, I can't spend time . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Jackie my lesbian lover ! Wasssapp ? Yes but I still eat shit.
Everything will turn out how it should. It just takes time.
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Hey thanks a lot for the Shout out! it really means a lot
Glad I got to see you play!!!
#ILovePeopleThat encourage me to do better in life
left the phone at home today, so if you need to get in touch please email me. :)
ms. I need sum pool time 2.....work...work..work
Got great news at the dentist today! And by great news, I mean I'm paralyzed with fear for my next apt.
The Ride with Lance Sweeps ends TOMORROW! Enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Dudes who say some lovie dovie bullshit on twitter for a retweet can off themselves.
Im dyin from happiness..ha :D
thanks brian :)
Do they make Hooked on Ebonics Spanish edition?
My dream is to meet Chris Brown in 2012
RT : RT "Worship that is not based on God's Word is but an emotional encounter with oneself" (Lutzer).
Ugh at home didnt go to school dudnt get in from Minnesota till 3
Does anyone do original reporting anymore? I feel like the news media around here is just a giant game of telephone.
I've heard there's a lot of promiscuous sex. Need to start watching.
I loved trial and error... only because I didn't have to buy ink. Lol.
Exciting News! Our Second NWA workshop series starts this Sunday afternoon in Springdale. Stay tuned for updates and pics!
at my movie theatre they gave away glow sticks that say never say never! i didnt get one, i got my tickets online! :(
twins didn't lose today!
well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:)
After a long day battling a cold, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá finally gets some rest. Tomorrow he’s off to Lake Mohonk. Good night everyone!
then don't do it, just chill and relax (:
thank you!!! is the awesome & talented actor & director of BFF, make sure to follow this guy!
when it rains..it POURS... and nun of your so called friends/gf/bf/ brings an umbrella
Hey your SSL issue.
cc: RT : first thing I did as a 30 yr old was wake up at 7am hung over and trained 2hrs of jujitsu! Fuck you Time!
I'll be on KUSI Ch 9 "Good Morning San Diego" at about 7:20am this morning to talk about efforts to help small businesses in San Diego.
Unerve the nerve, youre nervous, nervous that I'm right.
USA vs. Jamaica Sunday 12:30pm on Fox Soccer Channel- Gold Cup Quarterfinals
Students think of core curriculum as "the shots they get before going into the foreign country," where they get bachelor's
#blah #checkedoutearly #boring wish i was cool and didnt text my girlfriend haha(: its alright babe i know your in school!
sweet! i'll pay you back for that and I'll contact the company and see if they'll let us split it :)
They re-measured skyler's height... 32" he also got his blood drawn and absolutely hated it. Last, got his 12 month shots.
Is my idol
How so?
Actually, it's both: social phenomena (e.g. music) both articulate AND influence social values, behaviors
Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves cuz your a reflection of what they wish to be.
I so need a weapon to kill this flu me bug. But wanted to tweet out to my friends. Follow my daughter in law TY
Ugh what a long weekend... Drama drama... Cultural differences between my family and his screwed us over this weekend...
GOT IT! RT damn rightt I got it
I hope the world never effing ends of it does on December than I will die I don't want to die I'm to young it won't I hope of its does than
Look forward to your information...am happy to be an addittional source of information on structured settlements...
Anyone see my new background <3 Luv ya
If someone tweets something nice about you, save it as a favorite and use on your site as a testimony says
come on down - I could use an Emmylou! ;-)
I just saw a car hit a park car and #FUCKITUP on the side, then swerve off. I picked up their side mirror and place it on their hood
Plainfield stride rite. EVERYTHING 60% OFF!
I hate when memories of things I've tried so hard to forget about resurface.
Don't. Stare. At. It. Eat. It.
Harrisburgians now open on Sundays 8-2. Excellent local business with seriously top notch coffee. I'll miss it when I move.
Its always something
- Great changes when used properly. Boring and annoying when not.
Watching the State of the Union
Have you ever had sex in a movie theater? Reply to us with #YES or #NO to vote
Just finished the season 2 finale of #WalkingDead. Omg, why isn't it coming back sooner???
Do you ever sell film rights before you sell a manuscript to a publishing house? If so, does that help sell the manuscript?
maybe but im not going to like her like that and yes i did moved on ..
I want company but everyone iz at work GrRr
If you drink or smoke at all;
you win this round..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
lol - ok i'll find something fun for us to do :) i owe you a call tomorrow anyway.
Hey Bob Ryan. Stop talking. Then go away like teenage girls in the 50's. Thank you for cutting him off!
geezz we are cool as ice
and a partridge in a pear tree...
raining = movies + cuddling w. my babe !
gonna be a blowout...
Sometimes I rock at life. Sometimes I suck at life. Rarely am I just doing ok. Currently I suck - but storms always pass. :)
Thank You Love <3 XD YAY your my first follower for my Make-Up Artist page
Does it still count as a #Jerzdayyy celebration if I'm getting fucked up but going to miss the new episode?
Was at 12th and Porter on Sunday to see & now, though.
not sure on that one yet, but I'm thinking you should share if you find it!
got my first catalogue with special effects equipment and life casting materials. So excited. Wish I had money!
Thanks for RT and for the follow. Love the bio!
Tebow and Rex Ryan should be an interesting combo. NFL drama is the best reality TV anywhere.
Major News! Golf Quests, Inc. (parent company of My Golf Concierge) just partnered with Golfweek Magazine to offer an exclusive deal for al…
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head.
Aw, hi!! Thank you so much!! RT I love "Stupid and Seventeen". I cant stop listening to it!!!!!! :)
see i would say there's probably more beards, but with the growing number of ladies, the web dev peeps might sweep!
I've seen it...a great resource for teaching this topic.
Really don't want to go to school today
I'm doing bikram yoga for the first time tomorrow w/ Any suggestions to prepare??
If every US household replaced 1 bulb w Compact Fluorescent Light bulb, it would prevent pollution to = removing how many cars from road?
So were A LOT of teams today!!!
Everyone at the airport is drunk. Still waiting for a flight home. :(
Thanks for the RT !
fact: I have already had two servings of breakfast
#1dKOPbooksigning PLEASE HELP TREND THIS ASDFHJKL
maybe Coach Crum should spend the day w/ Coach Pitino drawing up in-bounds plays instead.... Siva can hang out w/ someone else.
you are welcome! Just glad the websites up and running :) the other holland source seems to be dead a little :p
People just annoy me. Making themselves sound amazing and is if people love them on here. They're sucking up your ass. That's all.
Imma make you my bitch. >:)
Dance tomorrow
Hey love you lots, but could you update your editor so Chrome's built-in spellcheck works? Yours...leaves something to be desired
Frankk Ocean! thats all i got to say..... lol
Cody's cover of Better Together >>>>>
how the government wants to take out the black leaders.. so we have no voice, stay divided ...
but good performance
RT All this casual usage of the word Nazi has totally turned me into an unnecessary Nazi-Reference Nazi.
aw thank you!!!
It happens to me often here. I suspect it will still happen when I'm back up in NYC.
that is actually a great description. I love it
Indians in a rain delay. ugh
I find it so bizarre that everyone around me at the ballpark gets dozens of mosquito bites and I NEVER get any.
my one best friend i trust outta all natti hoes !
Goodmorning! Today is going to be beautiful :-)
More recording today! Maybe vocals.
Thanks for the motivation. We hope that it will work as planned. I think the funding is going to be the key factor - follow us to...
drink a ton of #CraftBeer of course
Talking to a friend that I haven't talked to in a long time(: I've missed her in my life! #TrueFriends<3
“ hawaiin punch use to be the shit”
Great message from !!! Glad all went well!!
Guess who has an apartment for next year? ! WOOOOH!
hahaha nevermind found it....You genius you!!!!
Reading & studying her scene construction. Not a wasted #scene anywhere & the different #POVs she uses really work
I found out that Im getting the Ipad2 next month!! <33 IM SO EXCITED.
Are we aware of what our cleaning products contain? LOC and SA-8 is the absolute best for cleaning everything and washing your clothes
I learned to swim in the east river
Thanks for the mention! Will be creating a CC Case Study for THEY CALL US /ANIMALS/ on your Wiki.
Busy busy busy. I'm currently in PHX, was in vegas two days ago and won't get back to PDX for another week. How you doin?
It's OK to enjoy your success, but you should never quite believe it.
Confuses talking with tackling. RT I'll be tackling fiscal reform + job creation at this morning's forum for Mayoral candidates.
I think I like getting ready to go out more than actually going out.
Oh how I love y'all.
Twitter on my ipod please load -.-
boring ass french class
Tech difficulties
doing homework...someone grab me and take me away please
Good morning! What's on everyone's iPod today?
I lost it when she did that thing with her fingers.
I heard you had the privilege of seeing Thor. How was it?
My mom is out of surgery. She hasn't woke up yet but the doctor said she's fine :-)
thank you <3
so gross ugh
No problem!
"When I get depressed with all the problems of the world I remember that I can only change me and I can make all the difference"
isnt she home schooled??
Morning although its 15:31 in UK!:L xx
Thank you for following me on tweeter and for add me as your friend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Washington DC, Dec 5, 2011 - Delight Me, Inc. will showcase its unique mobile collaborative care app platform at the 2011 mHealth Summit!
Roger Daltry? That's kind of funny.
Grant Me The Serenity 2 Kno...
Boy: Suck my dick. Girl: Could you be more romantic? Boy: Okay, suck my dick in the rain.
we uplift each other!! (HUGE HUG) <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I thought we were getting married?!?!
what up homie :-)
pretty great weekend
Thanks for the RT!
Jennifer Lopez is so sexy :D
MySpace has a good selection of songs..
or just send them pix of us during the "winter" in LA haha. Drinks soon?
21 and doing it
looks like an interesting project. I would love to help out in front of the camera! :)
I can't say I was overly surprised. But good to know for anyone considering getting one for a pet. :)
cant wait for miley!
Sorry! =( I know I'm partially to blame for that. But if it's any consolation, I'm broke as hell too.
had my 3d ultrasound today, amazing! now off to bed <3
u to old to be wearing that shit away
Have u ever wanted someone that didn't want u?
In 1908, the FBI was known only as the BI. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C. and has 56 field offices & 400 satellite offices.
#favemusicmoment the dubstep break in the Til the World Ends remix
Launching waternow project with Feed the Kingdom to drill water wells in Africa and help build and serve communities.
Nothing is better than a great morning run
Did a good job on my Avanti Audition, a was a business person leasing office space instead selling. Thank God I memorized the script!
Great! Thanks for doing what you said you would do by reading it! You Rock!
Fresh Berry Friday with our Special Crepes filled with Strawberries and Blueberries!
yes:) of course
“: Who you guys picking tonight?..”-- go cats
I'd rather learn to like something so I can have a positive attitude about it than waste energy hating something I have no control over!
Coilunders on a z
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister
oh ok well I appreciate you clearing that up for me ;-) I hope you get laid soon so you can go back to "normal" lol
I love you Caleb!
is having an opening reception for the new painting exhibition tomorrow at 6:00pm. Free food & wine.
Awesome! WE'll see you soon!
and we're out of that inning...ouch.
I was Walkin through home depot and someone shit in one of the toilet on display
Good morning <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
follow back please
#FF Follow -- Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando
lol, LOVE it!
Baby What The Fuck Wrong With Them !
Mine to but I looovvveee roc he's so special to me I just love everything about him
It was nice knowing you.
Windows programming positions in CA. Kernel a plus, multithreaded, file systems and graphical UI. email resume for confidentiality to johnp…
It's funny when you tweet a bunch of angry stuff then the next tweet is about food. Being angry makes me hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
I'm looking to cast one more supporting role in "Last Breath" must be hispanic/female/21-26 NY/NJ Based. *fluent in spanish a +
Working on some generative music. Hooray for PureData!
asdfghjkl; i got my second pottermore email. i want my account activated soon :D
#ideas2action fog creek guys who make trello: what if you made your roadmap public?
Finished takin my cute photos pics, they came out pretty good, #practicetime!
I'm on a paper chase Yee Yee
RTsvp RT : Survey: What are the best book trailers out there? Please retweet & use hashtag #booktrailers -- for
If you're a million-dollar playboy willing to bankroll me following the Afghan Whigs around all summer, plz call. Your silence is annoying.
I'm sure he would not mind lol
depending on injuries, but I get the same feeling. Like ur $215k estimate.
top talent isn't who is seeking jobs, huh? Not surprised.
I bid you goodnight.
Anybody wanna go for a ride with me?
Off to the gym!
All i'm tryna do is get this money up... yep... and the rest will follow.
RT : From an electricity generation/emissions standpoint, "dirtiest" an #EV will ever be is on the day you buy it.
Who's that cute girl? Can you get me her number? Haha
Thanks for the Brown Dog Day wishes. I hope your Brown Dog Day Dance was a great joy
When I Saw Essence TL In Class , I Was Like " You Follow Him Too , He Cute As Shiiiiiit " .
The chant that Jaz made for our 12 group>>
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
“: For the love of #winewednesday ”
Revenge u r everything right now
only if he asks
Headed to get fitted for my tuxedo shortly. Hoping the styles I found in the online catalogue are available through the store.
definitely give it a try! there are a lot of great ideas out there on meal planning and you feel so organized & accomplished
it's not ugly
True. That's why I consider myself liberaltarian. I don't believe that the states should have any more control than the fed.
Petey Wheatstraw the Devil's Son-in-Law
omg(: so excited!! Hope you do great(:
show up for the celebration!
Don't play with a woman's heart, why mislead a good woman if you know you're not going to love her the way she deserves to be loved.
Please stick to sports. Could care less about Chris Brown and Rihanna.
Fuck u tho I was too busy getting my beauty sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Aaron Harrang gets the win today and is now (2-2) and the Dodgers are now (22-11) 1st place in the NL West.
Im OK looking like the guy that would beat up an angel. RT : wishes he looked like an angel
m...m. Love me that scrapple!
i just went and followed everyone back! if i missed you and never followed you back tell me and i promise i will! thanks :) -Melanie
his aunt said he will be coming to tampa and all that so yess he iss(:<3
“: I Will Drop You So Quick & Forget We Ever Met” like me ?
My iPod screen is cracked, like broken so now I have to raise $187+tax to get a new iPod touch -__-
I'm sure he can girls that make paper beads to chat on Skype, DM an e-mail if you want contact info
Now watching #taintedlovetuesdays at
Hiya pals! We're talking bout the best and worst things we've done for our pets. Bet I know what your's is!
my eyes hurt, that shit was nasty -.-
I miss you twitter! I will never ever ever let you be left behind cuz of stupid school! Alright time for tumblr
Loved it! So much better than Coke and Pepsi.
At work. I hate the snow
quote: "I'd go to Red Lobster for some gluten free cheesy biscuits. That may be the most biracial thing I've ever said"
A laff trac? In this day and age? #aytv?im,c
Here we go...
Indeed! ": My 3-yr-old sings her own cover of #Seal's "I Have Been Waiting For You." She's pretty good."
I just feel like I'm about to go insane.
Thanks! See you there. RT : The lineup of speakers for #WebAfternoon is nothing short of freakin' impressive. Kudos !
Three cheers for show choir chat:)
My sister just got her license! Yes
Big congrats to txd pals on NAVY PIER! Directed by and featuring ! Kudos!
Its Me. Its My Insecurities.
#Mix at least I have lady gaga to pass the time
LMAO. THATS EXACTLY WHAT I THOUGHT.
woohoo! Those cocktails look amazing.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't cancel plans last minute.
I didn't start it cuz I couldn't find a quote...
got a free comic book -- not Free Comic Book Day giveaways, but an actual (used) one -- when he bought something today at Half Price Books.
I think you deserve a drink, any plans of visiting austin, tx?
“: Needed: one full bucket of luck for this IMC exam I'm writing in 1.5 hrs... I'm terrible with tests...” good luck!!!
Art Asylum Boston Art Show Opening at 35 Sutton St Suite 2 on Feb 26 7:00pm
You - and your future - are not problems to be solved. Just Show Up and Be Yourself - and make conscious choices.
There were 3 winners for our FREE eStatement contest. There lucky winners were Dara K., Juan V. and Dat L.
And I gotta work christmas eve.
thanks so much for inviting my brother on stage tonight. He was Max's Santa. By the way the show was amazing. Much love :-)
Thank you!
Big HS games going down tonight EVERYWHERE
Work is done
RT : Flyers are getting beat to every puck. They're just .... losing. Everything.
Busy between school and work. How about you?
that boy be sleeping in class
Yea we just crashed :o
1 week until I gorge myself in #Andalusia. 1st stop #seville. Where do I have to eat?
Actively went and counted since I'm expected to know all the systems for which I have passwords. Sigh.
i hate when boys lie !
The U of M Board of Regents is expected to vote today on an agreement that would allow the Vikings to rent TCF Bank stadium.
I know, but what about Seattle? I think Seattle is a great place international investors to buy!!
I got you Bruh, when you coming out here my nigga? Lol
i am but I can't get it to land on your site... whoever it is is a google master... ORT
Tomorrow, at boundlessgallery.com, featured in Discover An Artist
Decisions that we make can have a permanent effect for the positive or negative. How will you proceed when making a decision next time?
I've got a huge thing for Diablo Cody, right?
I wasn't...but read quotes from Cuddyer, Gardy, and others. Not overwhelming support for Joe.
Yey! I also got a few summer shirts, which insures it will be cold and rainy.
Great job on your 5k accomplishment! It's great to see people achieving their #health goals :)
I wanna put red in my hair again but idk what...? Hm...
Happy mother's day to every mother out there. I love you.
So not ruling out LT. RT : Lovie Smith on where Chris Williams will play: "We have options with him."
I'm dating the only guy on the planet who can't work a remote. I thought using a remote was a genetic requirement in men. I was wrong.
This show is soo freakin cool I love it
Bar specials Wed-Sat 25% off all Wines by the Glass, and all starters are $5 except antipasti platter.
was unstoppable in his prime. I just watched him drag the kings in the 01 playoffs. He did the same to the Nets in the 02 finals.
So I'm 21 today, finals are done with til monday....What do I do now?
Only a month til kickoff and the start of the Mike London era. Richmond vs. U.Va. - Sept. 4 at 6:00.
I really should be doing something productive than eating apricot stilton and watching football.
Had lunch with a gal from yesterday (Hi Lauren!) -- they're just awesome :)
got kidnapped by George Bush. He took you to yo grandma house
Broken foot, torn ligaments and tissue damage. . . #gohardorgohome uuuggghhhhh :(
That's what I keep tellin people
No signal on any of the networks and can't connect to any either. Could earlier. Will check in morning
I think ur friends wanna watch me make love to u.#channel 696969696969
I was reading my sisters texts to her friend until she barged into my room. :(
a few quid worth of experience and we would have won today. Without it we will win nothing. Wenger must face reality or GO
Some newbies on the shelves. is seriously digging our new Rioja. Unapologetically straight forward and dangerously addictive.
Me and Katsu-ya disagree. But hey, happy birthday!!!
Need. To. Stay. Awake. Got. To. Do. Hw!
A white wall of snow is slowly making its way across Summit County...
tweets are the absolute best<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+263A>
Spare the bullshit. I've heard it all before .
Narration RECORDED! Almost done with this thing.
hope you are both well. Would love to catch up w your respective lives and times
Glad i didnt get caught in the rain
Rhinos are just fat unicorns.
Our new Graffiti Ecigs are the hottest on the market! Follow us on Twitter and receive a free sample.
Sure! Send a detailed email to .us. They will help answer your questions!
I can't imagine! Dangerous packaging
- Strange request, but think you could take a photo of the Library Pub/Bar from Pub Stop for me? Can DM you my email to send.
RT : my BB is acting weird again, email will be the best way to reach me
quite-funny headline in automat: "Poor Bret Easton Ellis Laments the "Cliquey" Publishing Scene...in The Paris Review"
wonder what else is in store for me tn..hmm
You forgot #teaparty. We need an "Innovator and Entrepreneur" political party. // RT : Where is the #Jobs focus?
#ICanHonestlySay life is good. Honestly.
ah cheers!
only thing better then waking up, is the music you get to hear after...
Dancers are rehearsing for the Lula Washington Dance Theatre show tonight. Tickets are still available and we hope you won't miss it!
Same here, seems like its getting worse and worse to use :(
I really think there's nothing better than Twitter & Facebook photos of your mother having fun. I love them all.
I wish i was #paperview tonite i would b paid lol
HOLY MARY MOTHER OF JESUS ! AND CHEESE ! I AM SO JALOUD OF THATS TV GUIDE WOMAN ! id faint ! O:
Heading to my last Monday at with some pretty wonderful people.
Good Morning #Dallas- Make it a good week!
6000 and 40 tweets ago I brought forth twitter to my black berry. I tweeted and tweeted nonsense to hardly any followers. Nothings changed.
You know, if I follow correctly, WORD.
“: I am unbelievably bored right now.” omg same <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I can never be too tired to play the drums!
good lord! Apple should start endorsing you guys.
:o haha really?
Made it in!
#yobitv - forgive him. is having a rought night. His razor was broken this morning.
Seriously, if anyone is the film industry I will follow because no matter what... We're in this together now.
sorry to see you go. hitting my follow limit again
My boyfriend is skating & doesn't have his phone on him & I don't wanna go all the way to the oaks -.- fuck man.
thanks. yeah, forensic meteorology is fascinating to me. He was a great interview.
I'm sofocated .
It's semantics. Whether you quote it or came up with it, is the same. If you didn't agree, you wouldn't have said it
I think it's time for a change
DAMMMNNNNN :D ": Tweet me the first word that pops in your head when I say "Mindless Behavior""
Tonight i'll hand wash until bed time.
The Most interesting Ficelles in DC will visit FRANKLIN PARK tomorrow. Forecast for tomorrow is 80 degrees. Stay hungry my friends!
someone's mad abt something, someone else is overly sensitive abt something & someone is being a douche, typical twitterday
Its hard to write music take care of kids prep for upcoming show and do homework#soo hardbody with a mind of a god
So tired and there isn't enough time in the day
I had a nice vacation in Grenada 2 yrs ago. Tiny place; very pretty. RT : Remember when Reagan invaded Grenada?
RT : Love seeing N. Irving get picked in the 3rd round - He is a VG ILB who has overcome major injury to become an NFL player.
You don't like my words, don't listen. You don't like my appearance, don't look. You don't like my actions, turn your head. simple as that.
yep I agree! I hate when people say I hate blacks cause I am Republican.Clearly they are just misinformed. Lol
or follow me so I could dm u
where at
tomorrow is going to be a terrible day..
lmfao i hate my ex so badly .
haha so true!
Thank you!!! #euphoria RT : listening to #euphoria on the plane.
:) Thanks! I'm excited for FajitaRita Monday at Pericos! :)
In one of those grumpy moods
Holla at me when you see me! I got you
awwe well im here if you ever need to talk about anything<3 just hit me up
Allegro Dance Company is officially working on their new show "All Roads Lead to Rome" -very excited for summer 2012!
at all. Smh.
I'm working on a little baby blueberry hat now! Whatcha working on?
I am totally content with the fact that I've eaten WAY too much chocolate today. And this week.
All dressed up for cupcake tea at the Ritz. Yep. Then home to change for Dead Weather show later.
For real? Yikes! Good catch.
": My cutie presenting all by herself & looking cute af :* <3" I almost passed out.
Petite feet, feminine step, sounds like a lady when he's walking in a room
West Ham and Bayern double today
Alright dammit who took my copy of License to Ill and my 5 Boroughs? Return em now and no one gets smacked!
No Matter How Much PAIN I'm In .. I Wont Ever Let It BREAK Me !
We are excited you see you today! What are you planting?
hum...are you taking classes? might be able to get a student discount. my bro's at u of m--something to think on...
Still a lovable dump! RT : Maloof raises idea of renovating Power Balance, says it would cost less, put less pressure on city.
LMAO!! ": The throw up on my trick<<< -_- thanks Chris lol"
RIP Whitney. What a voice. You will never be forgotten.
you don't even know which one I'm talking about, brother.
these do not seem to be as effective today as they once were. We try to understand "What is to be Done?"
#thingsthatremindmeofyou pandas of every emotional variety
#TU203 "Human Capital too important to leave in the hands of HR"
when you erase a person from your contacts cuz you dont talk to them anymore && they randomly end up texting you<<
Why is it ALWAYS rappers that flake on interviews last minute leaving us totally fucked?!?!?! Arrrgggg!!!!
Now American Airlines don't let people take bags on that fill the overhead storage so others have to put their bag at their feet. #discount?
Once again Pres. Obama takes the wind out of the sails of Repugs by showing in Afgahanistan & giving inspiring speech to troops.
Pirate's catcher doesn't seem to have much of an arm...
Riding the super shuttle comforts me to know that the pcusa isn't the only org that has some issues
RT : I totally finished the #24hr #Zine Challenge, but I am still at the to staff while these other dudes...
Heading out for Cinco de Drinko? Do us all a favor and book your ride home now!
Use twtvite to host tweet up.
I JUST TWEETED...TO SAY..I LOVE U...(IN MY STEVIE WONDERFUL VOICE) ..and I mean it from the bottom of my heart!
Kristen Stewart is a very awkward public speaker
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
I'd like to apologize to M. Night Shyamalan for my previous comments about "The Last Airbender." It was only sort of unwatchable.
Had a blast yooo
Recognize the signs: Child neglect is when a parent fails to provide adequate supervision, food, clothing, shelter for a child.
Would somebody like to bring me donuts or 2 breakfast tacos? Thanks in advance!
definitely my favorite by him.
I cant wait till is back in Cali! :-)
If you actually pay for a soda cup at chipotle you ain't bout that lyfe
Before that I had all of the Von Erichs. Think they were free from Pizza Hut?
There is legit a show called dinosaur train... fuck free tv
thanks for RT ;-)
Scott County Cards face Marshall Co. in Sweet 16 first round Thursday at 6:30 p.m.
What do you like on your pizza? :-)
just finished watching I Am Sam >>
Listen to your StrOng song Starship. so good babe yeah!
it's hard to believe, let alone accept
Its Sunday & I am up so early! Why?
Okay, I should be in NJ next week....
When I tell a joke.. Please laugh
Middle-aged guy at the coffee bar this morning seemed kinda angry that no one watched the Grammys. Sorry, dude.
YES! Seder dinner here they come has Passover chocolate & coconut macaroons #nomnom hat tip
I'm settling into the new job, just trying to wrap my mind around the intricacies of this behemoth institution.
Oh, Tin Man! RT : Emotions are for the weak and people with a heart... Who needs that hassle.
that was Sidney Weinberg's advice...
Good to hear from you. Heading to #ces?
THANKS TO LOCAL COMMUNITY MEMBER SERGIO RAYAN WHO HAS AGREED TO SPEAK AT OUR PEACE FESTIVAL - THANK YOU!!!
help us get this site out and ask to RT
I asked Google if they would do it for their dataset. Not sure what they are going to do.
Is the other language sed? I think it's sed.
Why have efforts to organize a mass revolutionary movement over the last century failed to produce a revolution?
hm Is cutler still 'famous'?...But I think anyone can
welcome home son.
Well said. I just hate when people say "We gotta make him do the right thing." Always gets a big eye roll from me.
This summer is gonna suck..
Hey Trelly! Good morning to you too. Yeah I'm on this :)
Still @ the scene, they just identified my bro man smh
End of classes. 2 finals =cake. Time to focus on building myself as a product.
Eating in Lousiville, KY on the way back home to TN. You know when it's real. I'm guessing we do.
Facebook buys Instagram, the app that makes bad pictures look cool.
I Fucking hate my ex.. why must he so this to me...
I noticed a couple unfollowed me after I changed my profile pic. Come on! It's still loveable and adorable me! :) :)
With no #rain in sight for the next 8 days I think its time to give the #Jeep a bath!!
Excited about tomorrow. Vote for real conservatives. Vote your values. I hope I've earned your vote in #nc09 !
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
Can this day end already!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
you better come with it boy!!! No secret ....
In live poker, I bet/muck with my left hand. Also, left side of the brain is analytical, but when I play online, my head leans to the right.
#AustinItWillRain Can't wait(:
Listening to the Velvet Underground. Somehow, they always cheer me up. Demented, I know.
it could be simply due to the condition and be enhanced as the brain ages. Just my unprofessional (yet) guess.
I honestly think I'm a geek on the inside. :P
race and sexuality are not the same.
Idk what ima do wen I leave tx & dnt have lunch w/ my mom :/ ima miss it
SAKIRI Vodka the World's First Ultra Premium Asian Vodka Launches in Atlanta marking the Chinese New Year.
When people vent real life stuff on twitter, it just looks raggedy.
#emosesh Porkchop and the Liz miss you already
So true ;) man our mind just think alike, and click;D
So, if I understand Florida Law, any black male in Florida is justified in shooting a racist-looking white dude who approaches him.
“When words lose their meaning, people will lose their liberty.” – Friedrich Hayek
I haven't seen you in forever! I don't think that! Haha
i love u my money
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created :) Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting.
We recorded it at Limestone. I'm not being suggestion boy, but I suggest we get F&H wings to go!
So hungry right now...must...wait...30...more...minutes...
With so many options what's a girl to do??
I wanna get white girl wasted with
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us for the "Music Makes A City” premiere. We are proud to be a part of such a generous community.
Watching CHS baseball on this gorgeous Friday night! Go Black Knights!
They are! RT : Are the programs of these four teams awesome or what!
will do :)
Great pick. We went with Star Trek: First Contact for the time travel episode, but I'm thinking your choice is better.
waiting for my computer to be fixed....
What is the woman that got 4-men in a very small room and they seem to only notice her ?? No fights No Hating!!! 1 want -- HER!!! Choose ME!
We must be ready to learn from one another, not claiming that we alone possess all truth & somehow have a corner on God. ~Desmond Tutu
Asphalt ceiling = much more oppressive than the usual glass ceiling.
WOW! Would the Packers be able to get that for Flynn?
You can encourage others by letting them know about EggDrop or selling your own stuff and actively engaging your neighbors.
Congrats :) Start Drinking!! RT Passed all of my boards!!! I'm an RDH whoo hoo
really can't tell but seems science oriented...
love the new profile pic boy!
hey man, yes I am, im still working very hard and making very good progress too
loooveyouuu, ill see ya in a few. I seriously need help with stats PLEASE
New Picket Fence Bed is about to release. Quick production and much less expensive with same solid wood quality!
thanks love! Haha definitely wasn't competitive!
Walker's Pint will be raffling off Rachel Maddow tickets for everyone drinking tonight! Don't forget about their karaoke at 9:30!
You've got that one thing ;)
CMGO & RBTI looking for big runs starting next week....
Thanks for following me, Ken. Look forward to seeing your Tweets.
Ryan pretty please follow back?<3(:
Full Moon in #Virgo today! Great for writing, taking care of details, communication, cleaning. Watch out for worry, criticisms, depression
Meeting with !
Life is to beautiful, but so fragile. Every breath counts,every moment matters.
My newly designed voice over website is up. Cleaner and more to the point than the previous one. Take a look and let me know what you think.
School task force meets tonight at 6 at Scott County Schools Central Office at Great Crossing
Good night everyone!
Is anybody else finding that searching emails in Gmail is slowly becoming worthless? Seems like emails are arbitrarily excluded.
Preach! RT : How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into some role that you wanted no part of?
Live For The Night, Sleep In The Day.
YAAAY ITS WORKING NOW WATCHING BGC REUNION. !
That will happen I foresee the future.
wrestling isn't just a sport it's a passion! And I'm not a fan of wrastlin'... I watch for skill, technique, and the story
Thank you!! please come visit us! you two are adorable! Good luck w the new show, hopefully I'll get to see it soon!
It's been a beautiful day here in Washington. Hope it holds thru the weekend, though I am told it's gonna rain....
and I are working hard right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
“: If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes.” Even with your eyes closed you can tell theyre dykes
the floor might collapse from the sheer weight of it! Hah! What were you reading, by the way? Anything good?
Thanks for the reminder! ": That chicken fajita taco at Whataburger is pretty darn good, just sayin'."
it's about damn time! I'm having withdraws!
Watching austin and ally...............not goin to school tomorrow...woot woot!!!!
going to school. Fight at Travis Lutters saturday
you've got this!
oovoo with soon?
all this yolo stuff is alright , but everyone needs to learn how to use it better
Just ordered the #BBN t-shirt!
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy. Showers. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 90 percent.
“: In-N-Out with sister = double-double animal style and choco milkshake = heaven.” NOM. That will be me &my sis in a few days!
School hasn't even started yet and I already want it to end.
follow me.
So apparently Comcast did away with their contract @ PDX ? So no Blazers game. Though...maybe I don't want to watch what is going on...
....long as day!....visited my grandpa's grave...hanged out wit my grandma....took a nap....now I'm up...chillin wit avek kicking it...
Seeing my mom cry, makes me want to cry....such a sensitive family...lol
no not yet. But I'm going to eventually
Kay Polansky can't remember exactly how long she's been helping organize NNO events, but it's been years. Tonight she's on hotdog duty.
Being ugly sucks :/ being dumped on 9/11 sucks even more
winkyface and chase is your dads name brad?
Had a good day today , played call of duty
i won't say that I am hungover, just that I am very tired.
Annoying the french anagama are bacterial lasers remaining ...
so u u dnt represent myne ?
#SINCITY Dubai Friday Ladies free all night
Rick Rubin as "reducer," not "producer" -?uestlove
… would it hurt to make the English paper more memorable to write? (3 of 3)
haven't tried it myself. but hear it gets LARGE props. based on work by and -used to load a billion triples
. My experience is that wikis are people sorters; you either like them or you don't. Like licorice gum.
Someone hire quick!
For like 5 minutes
I was reborn when I was broken.
Less work today and more time watching the crossfit games regionals scores.
Turkey turkey turkey!!!
I am having to do this/not like Cousteau with his/assiduous team/aboard the sun-flooded schooner/but here alone. -Adrienne Rich
"i danced with a hot cowboy who looked like dwight yoakam." "i thought you said he was hot." roomie doesn't get it.
re:phon awareness. Not regularly in outpatient clinic, but yes as grad student supervisor.
good idea. but how am going. to give it to you
Last Fri real estate word unscramble-devise 2days WORD:ldfaeut HINT:failure "There's nothng like stayng at #home 4 real comfrt." Jane Austin
wants to become the number one primary healthcare provider in America. Right..penny pinching corp driving down quality of HC.
ha I could go for some of those right meow
I need Justin in my pants. Like now.
Are we done with the severe weather? has your forecast at 11 on
nice to meet you too! Have a safe trip back and come see us again soon!!
Nearly filled a shredder cleaning obsolete copies of things from my desk.
its an obsession? the intrigue?
That's one of those strange ones that just doesn't make any sense...
#MyFavoriteText I was wrong. You were right.
Ha! Just as I suspected - there is no such word as, "verbage." Why all of a sudden do people seem to be using it everywhere?? ?
oh I second that one! #drhottie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
now that is gone the real party can start! (Why'd it take her so long to leave? sheesh!)
yes, will show soon..
Just had mcdonalds..damn do i wish they had delivery..
haha nope it seems legit!
I would say depends on how dangerous a tow it was. Regardless all the tipping has gone out of control.
fam get at me! DMEcollective.com
Bummer....not many w/Grande. Sad! I'm great! In a really good place! Miss y'all! But glad 2 be able 2 keep up on twitter, FB!
Beer City is...
good kisser eh?
I watch Jennifers body just to see Megan Fox. I'm not a lesbian I swear.
alotta bad women in the building.....AMEN
would go to hungry games at 12:04, but my tire has been leaking all day & w my luck would be flat at 2am & i'd be murdered waiting for A
I'm socialble , but I dont give EVERYONE the time of day ! ...
very interesting.
Only 2 things on my mind tomorrow: God and beating those dirty gators
Thanks! And there going to get better!!
Sellers need to annunciate why someone should buy your business
One day acting workshop is on Sunday November 8th in Los Angeles. Visit www.actorsintensive.com for more information. Sign up now!
Sometimes God puts you in situations that seem impossible to manage because they were til He put you there.
lmao run ya mouth 2mar and see what happen
Well, we believe that Craig is in... However, not yet signed up. Can you pls give him a charming phone call to nudge him?
#12boobs seems overwhelming. #12beers on the other hand
You're not missing much. Great job on JRIB today, T!
keep your heart open wide, save it for somebody who cares.
I've watched the Tupac Coachella video an unhealthy amount of times.
. I'm waiting for an answer to my question.
buy #tickets for the #concert ahead of time, they'll go quick! bostonstringplayers.eventbrite.com
You know I'm a dedicated student if I actually get up and come to class when it's raining
I'm not even watching toy story
Then quit flaunting it all over the office.
Reimold out on weak grounder down first base line for first O's out of the season.
I like this whole getting better more energy thing. Hope it lasts!
how can you be bestfriends with someone whom your ex is currently banging....?
just cause you can do something doesn't mean you should. 3D films are a gimmick. Give me a good plot & character development
Thx, so true : Your true home is in the here and the now. It is not limited by time, space, nationality, or race.
i feel u on dhat.....im happy i live on dha side i live on now
not the famous ice cream from the dorms haha classic
Taking the son to for his birthday dinner tonight. Looking forward to shrimp tacos and a cold one!
thanks for sharing "Kristofferson" tonight at Mike's, and listening to one of my songs! Great to hear your experience.
Even w/ his baggage, Romney's new spokesman can't do worse than his wife Anne telling Phila audience women don't deserve = pay.
and in a bout that could be the main event on anyone else's card, 10-1 Ramon Valadez vs. 6-0 Kevin Hoskins.Tickets priced at $50
Images with max-width: 100% that are well above the device resolution already display with a higher pixel density?
Ben has been up since a little after 4:30am.... :/ at least he is ready for
I learned great messages today
RT : Inspiration Thursday: Live for what tomorrow will bring you, not for what yesterday has taken from you.
RT : #CEO carrier panel partner w value based #3pl, see decent #shipping volumes continuing through 2012.
guessed! :) me too! im in the process of recording my own song! :)
Thanks for following. My research interests are in #culturalcompetence in the workplace. I now look forward to your Tweets!
"black dude wasted"
I've Watched Madea's Xmas, 100xs, Just can't get enough of Hattie-Mae, please include that character in other projects!
I hope ya fire burns <U+E11D>
Where is it a 24 hour gym with a court?? I have to get my shot right for the summer..
Cool!!,where and what position
I hate living in the country..
This. Made. My. Day. Easily one of the best games I've played- somewhere I still have my old cards.
You fall for that? ;)
Even if heaven and earth colide tonight We'll be all alone in a different light I dont care what the world can see Its just between U and me
Birmingham England
Can't make up my mind if I should mo-hawk my hair last time or just go ahead and get the high-top fade for prom..
That's what I'm talking about !!!! Who's Mr. Clutch???
the show is live right now
It's hard taking care of my weave, I need a new one!
Search Google trends & find a hot topic, create a fanpage with it and market relevant products = Cash
The Rapture of the Silents
Thanks ! Dude, I think we totally need to catch up sometime soon. I feel like I've been remiss.
I just turned 27 on tues. As a musician, statistically I should be dead by now. ;)
A Labor Day Gift for you... Check the info tab for a promo code that gets you $10 off tickets to this year's Gourmet experience!
ha.. Just stroking his ego!
have you started booking house shows yet ? i know i saw that someone has one already.
I think I'll start a trend of learning a new word each day - today's word: reticent (adj) - discinclined to speak out; quiet
We just tapped the Bluepoint Toasted Lager! Come enjoy.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE :-\
and youu have a great Tuesday ;)
Thank you, thank you!!!
thanks for the follow and damn u too sexy. U need a scar or something to seem average cuz u too fucking fine. At my limit
perhaps, cure will come from genome research - they are so close!
i neva said i was beaten up you did i say leah i dnt think so but im still beaten you up to
There should be more books about the people behind the powerful that gave told the truth. Not a yes man. Logical.Practical.
thanks for looking out for us!!
You were the smartest person in the room plenty of times especially when it was just you and me!
you're included in that since you're gonna come up here!
thank god for another day of waking up happy easter to everybody
Dyed my hair black.. but still no one notices......
i have a blonde wig. whatever, fuck it. haha
Who do you think will be replacing Tee Martin at UK? What do you think about him leaving for USC?
Rock da House!!!!
Its too earlier! Time for a long day of work.
Tried to call my folks in DC/NOVA but no luck.
#nowwatching Jumping The Broom. One of my favorite movies.
there were no refs, we had 3 players so we had to borrow players from the other team and we played for fun
Messi was 13 years old when he came to Barcelona.
Just what shopping!
IKR! They were sitting right by the door the morning I left. #epicfail will not happen EVER again!
Going to fix a camper this morning! Well after breakfast at javacafe :-)
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
in the past two days my friends have found out they have jobs in vietnam and at the federal reserve in DC.
Laser hair removal on my underarms...they recommend not wearing deo. And. I sweat a lot. laser is supposed to help that too
Looking forward to it!
i actually may start to like demi since shes a judge on XFactor. Should i audition?
It's 3:41 in the FREAKING MORNING! And I wake up to a stupid watch beeping like there is no tomorrow! Ugh I just want sleep :(
So much free time! Watching #sherlock and I love it!
Hanging out with Hannah and Avery! And my day was good really tired though! My voice is worst then last night;(
Oops!RT : HA!! :-)RT : RT : You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut.
Wow! We got to play the same stage as Jimi Hendrix tonight. What an amazing show and great crowd!
Sean Avery is a cancer
Heart in one direction Mind is 180° from that
Stop retweeting people and thinking your a "bad ass". Your not.
Muppet Treasure Island: still epic.
$55 for gen adm. tix for all sessions isn't bad, but no way I would pay that to stand on the outfield deck.
Thank you for helping us spread the word!
If you would find happiness and joy, lose your life in some noble cause. A worthy purpose must be at the center of every worthy life.
Hey, can you DM your map and other work. Very interested in addressing this blight!
I love my ESL life! It's ALL good, even when it's not.
Time for Tuesday Mama/Boy lunch & we even have snow
now ur buddy mr. wickett is on the yuni b bandwagon. give it time then it will be yuni b is horrible lol
At this point Idgaf. anywAys going out with these people tomorrow about to call my bff tonight n c him :)
In so much pain :((
beau says get working and she loves you
www.thepurposepost.blogspot.com Extra credit if you can guess the movie I refer to in the new post!
Thanks for being part of our national broadcast this week! Tell your viewers they can use code #pohponpbs for 15%off our DVD!
Dad: "It's raining out so you can't wear your ballet slippers"
Chillin on the jungle gym at my parents alone with a few late night brews and my lyric book. I'm such a night owl.
damn you all be out the country in stuff how many stamps you got on the passport
rt if you think <U+24C9><U+24CC><U+24BE><U+24C9><U+24C9><U+24BA><U+24C7> is addictive
I love you girl
Bout 2 get ready to Hit the streetz!!!! Holla at me if u see me...
the biggest challenge is proving my worth as a wedding pro! Gotta keep my references front & center. :)
You are just a DEAR.
#Prevention saves money. Cutting it is penny-wise and pound-foolish.
for the record, she asked for money for kotex and Nyquil. Then she walked over and bought crack.
I want nothin more than to be happy and right now you make me happier than anyone has in a very long time.
Being at Staples during this time of year makes me realize how much I miss back to school shopping.
Because of the Lord's great love we are not consumed,for his compassions never fail. They are new every morning;great is your faithfulness.
i hate the show "friends" and whenever i turn on the tv guess wats on..FRIENDS!! for like 2 hours straight!
RT : I figured...but it certainly applies! Happy #FF!
Don't call me if you aren't gonna tell me what you wanted to say. Thankyou.
POOL TIME!!!
awww...how sad for you, now get back to work! ;)
je n'ai plus faim Allison.
I can't stand this shit anymore
Throw bombs on it
hey your mom's bracelet is here and ready to go! I can't find our previous tweets! Will you send me your addy?
LOVE THAT!
Sick that I didn't get to meet you at #RTW12! You were always swarmed with people! :) Look frwd to meeting someday!
Recommendations for a good tattoo shop in #Pittsburgh that does typography?
I am singing..
Hello: long time, no tweet. Happy Chanukah. Give as much as you can to your favorite causes at the end of the year! T'will do you good!!
ain't nobody hotter than us. nuh uh!
LMAO. I'll be sure to keep that in mind when writing your character
I can't trust these hoe niggas, i can't trust these hoes either.
First day of track was pretty good !
People keep offering to buy our bikes. No, they are not for sale. Or...maybe they are?
Tony Stewart gets a drive in Hamilton's McLaren F1 car, Lewis Hamilton gets to drive a rental car
We're cooking up some plans for this fall. Are you WSU LIS alum and would like to share your thoughts and stories from library land? DM us!
following :) x
On my way home. Anthony coming over. He on his way. (:
The most stupid mistake in life is to think that someone you trusted who hurt you once will not hurt you again.
"Newspapers are for old people" - Sophia
I love it when you call me big papa(; #choppin'it
Dinner tonight? A slow roasted fresh ham with a thick fat cap and a #ramp gremolata!
Lot happening today. World History Tournament of Champions.
We are so excited to have you on the Summit Faculty in May!
yo. Did everyone just stop hooping or did I just stop getting called??
Love love love you Nippy FOREVER...The greatest voice and vocal arranger, ever. Rest In Peace. Whitney "The Voice" Houston.
I've never had that one. Love to try it. Let my know when you have it.
": got my iphone back , got my ipad tooken . FML!">lawrdd , yu need to let me borrow ya ipad !!!
Im not even hungry no more
BREAKING NEWS: Police investigating shots fired during a purse snatching near the 92/division MAX platform.
...wow, this is awesome...thanks! :) Beautiful ladies!
Wtf am I suPposed to do w/O hot water?! I hope its on by morning.. Or this ass aint bathing!! Watch out now!!
jasmine is sleeping.
A regular cut is 15 bucks, which isn't too bad these days. Plus it's worth it just to hang out in there and people watch!
not a joke. But I don't wanna fight. It's just a fact.
My ideal mother's day treat would be a massage and steak dinner with my family
Brightline Interactive to Debut Experiences at Sports Illustrated at the ...
Look forward to participating in Chicago's #ChiChat tomorrow! Who else is going to be there?
Ops is right. Going to cost Obama a lot of votes even though media BS spinning otherwise!
U a stupid hoe!!
I do to in school my class only got to watch thriller
Had great hamburgers at Cheeseburger in Paradise in Lahaina in Maui and now for shopping!
I believe that any team that does its best is a winner. -Mike Krzyzewski
: just don't blow a vein from excitement.// too late! :)
changing pitch without stretching time in as3, anyone ?
We're excited that today kicks off the first day of a month of #springtraining! Anyone going to be enjoying some games in March?
you'd think the commercials on #MadMen would be better, out of respect for the art form.
Its takin a nap after morning class tuesday
"You've seen me dance. Now watch me fornicate."
The last wal mart run of college.
To top it off...on my white pants :-/
New Chant to cops~ We are Human what are you? That was used in the UK recently.
Doing homework instead of bar trivia tonight. #FirstWorldProblem MBA edition achievement unlocked!!
I don't know. Maybe that's a little harsh. And here I am talking to myself on twitter. Yeah, that's how I entertain myself when I'm bored.
Customers are shopping for the best deal in real time & they will abandon a transaction if you don't step in says
Wanna hear a fucken funny joke about a bitch that doesn't know what he's talking
woke up with Qdoba salsa on my jacket sleeve...it was a good night
Montgomery Co. Maryland is under a tornado watch until 9PM. Please be safe and alert as the weather moves through the area.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-40.
haha sitting in class...more than willing to go back to bed...
Fake friends <<<<<
If u only have SM team answering Q's/following convos, you're missing out on direct mail/email customers.
Motivation is more about the environment we are planted in, then anyone persons words.
Big week full of fun stuff! Email me at to find out al the details :)
Re-signed Lingnan University partnership agreement. Thanks to the President and administration of Lingnan for the red carpet treatment.
Using leftover pork shoulder for quesadillas w cheddar & salsa fresca: yum!
the gays in minneapolis suck :(
Why do Repubs call it a "mob" when people protest the decline of economic opportunity for middle class & financial inequity on Wall Street?
But...I'm at work so I can't lol.
Region 4-2A Semis: At the half, University School is down 1-0 to American Heritage (Delray). Walker Dawkins with the lone goal.
Sitting here watching old ass music videos on YouTube.....
Showcase season is beginning! Break legs !!! <3
and today I fell in love w Eden Bernardy at Margie Haber's Studio - it was Day 1 of the Intermediate Intensive :)
Apologies I tend to curse when I feel strongly negative towards something.
What could $102,000,000 do for kids programs? What can YOU really do for NYC borrows? Be creative - don't cut kid's futures
Congrats on your bro being drafted tonight!!!!!!!!!
I had THEE most detailed beautiful dream with you last night! Its a whole story!
70 parents and 500 students later...hello, laryngitis! I had an amazing time getting it though ;)
(jen) Really slow connection at the cafe this morning. Hope my upload doesn't time out!
Welcome to The Albuquerque Museum of Art and History. Stay tuned for news on exhibitions, events and special programs.
Honored to have you aboard Sir. Let me know if there is ever anything I can do for you, the troops, or our veterans.
Happy Birthday Brad Marchand! <3
“: One last statistic to cap off an unbelievable year: 41% of the #iubb roster earned a degree today.”
Avon Street is closed, just south of Rockland Avenue due to heavy rain and constrution.
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you put something in the oven & then when you go check on it you realize you didnt even turn on the oven ! :/
u always make my day! :)
All my dreams and all the lights mean Nothing without you- lana del ray "without you" seemed fit for a certain persons upset feeling :(
gerl whatevs. shouldn't you be studying for finals or something, mr. i needa be banned to study?! deathh
Another OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued, and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow.
#YouWereCuteUntil you started acting stupid on purpose
I do not get the whole < or > after a sentence. Can we keep that for math class?
can u ask people to follow me plz?xx
Fantastic. Monday? I take orders like an Airman, think like a producer and write on
we should go golfing! Like, I wanna do so much this spring break .____.
cheers to the graduates out there.
I'm gonna die if Rondo gets a triple double in this shitfest
Just keepin on keepin on. Happy Monday.
: If it would have been me it would have been the other way around! lol Best to you in TB!
thank you as well for making us apart of it!!!!! Really excited!!!
"I don't bite" well that's just wonderful because my first thought was, "oh shit, this bitch is gonna bite me!"
Hip: hip pain in flexion, abduction and outer rotation
Lets discuss that reunion/party UR planning for next year. A group cruise may be just what you need. A win-win 4 all!sailawaywithdavid.com
1st fa-la-la ad of the year: KS lottery wins. We all lose.
UPDATE: Crash I-205 SB before the Gladstone exit is mostly on the left shoulder...still backed up before Hwy 224/Milwaukie exit.
Bouta get faded up @ Guzman's Barbershop!!
#ConfessionHour Some of my friends think just because i like pop music im going to hell
Can you export it to a new file type? Or reopen and save as a new type?
Yeah, hills probably not so fun in the snow...
Thanks and you too, dear!
Workin' up a meat sweat RT : isn't that a Prince song? Erotic Bacon?
Coconut is doing a bit better, it will take a couple weeks for pills to work, giving cats pills is such a joy! Diagnosed with ocd & anxiety!
You don't care about me?#sorry to hear that but to tell the truth IDGAF about you either!
sorry but that is a no from me
what do you mean delay?
Man cmon wit this shit yall.. time to roll up
How do I get tickets to the grove?
I'm Hungry, In Need Of Food. Somebody Come Whip Something Up For Me =)
Rest in Paradise Donna Summers.
Hows your sweet self doing?
365 days till I can be drunk at the bars with my favorite people etc& Vegas bound baby
I'm gonna start a religion just to see if i can get people to shit their pants every other Monday. In the name of our savior, obviously.
YES YES YES YES YES YES pleaase :)
7 of the top 10 #google #trend topics right now are lottery related.
Damn portillos drive thru was too crazy tonight...
I've heard - and I don't know if this is true - that here are places where, in May, it's 70 and sunny
Looking for: Windows VSS and Storage Stack Developers in CA/WA. NTFS, SQL File systems drivers email
I love Handbags, Hats, Shoes, Outfits, and Jewelery....Hello ( Privet ), Everyone and Have A Beautiful Day!
Doctor Niall has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? Haha I got the #DirectionInfection but I'd love to #DealWithNiall ;D
Thank god it's Friday blah I had the hardest time getting out of bed aha
Please refrain from yelling in the halls... Thanks
sounds similar to Bullets being turned down by Juwan Howard, is $48 million an insult....
I'll have another just won the derby
we will feed you and the other apples soon enough...we will keep u in mind when we're cruisin!
Pinnacle Vodka recipe #1: 8 oz. Sugar Free Red Bull, 1 oz. Whipped Cream Vodka - not bad complement.
I LOve you BIEBER HAPPY BIRTHDAY . YOU WERE AMAZING TODAY AT THE ELLEN SHOW. I JUST WISH THAT GIRL WAS ME ;) FOLLOW ME ? <3
Awww you broke your leg?.. that's sad... :/ can I try your crutches now? :D
don't forget...
That is unless you're too stubborn to ask for help like me :)
If this doesnt get you to buy a ticket, nothing will. Just in: Mega Millions jackpot has jumped to $640 million
"intimate immensity" is an apt name for the indescribable collection of Larry and Susan Marx...opening tonight @ Hammer
"Goodbye Mr. Potato Chips"
Shooting a spoof on #ABDC tomorrow! Mario Lopez get ready.
#KINETIKLIFE all day every day....get ready for the big things comin your way soon!
Checked in w friends in Hawaii. They are bracing for possible impact from #Tsunami and wide spread power outages.
Better capitalize. Need points.
I would like to put together a photo book of my paintings. Does anyone know someone who can do it inexpensively?
Smokers. Gross!
I swear I be missing my husband everytime we don't talk : /
. fund us so we can support their relief work by spreading the message of appropriate donations
what's up with that secret serum???? Whey and what else? Good stuff.
Cute runners. If only my MT814ATs came that way.
my mom is not entirely convinced that the catnip is effective on cats. She is convinced, however, that the squirrels love it..
when are you ustreaming? :)
Thanks to everyone who came out to Viva la Vida fest last weekend! We thought it was a great success.... what did you think?
Blackouts of Fox covered weekend games really decreases the value of You'll want to consider that before subscribing.
congrats to , getting a well deserved diploma tomorrow
Noma cookbook = most amazing food porn
Schilling: if ex-Catholic was a denomination, they would be 2nd largest in US. Could rethinking Cath Ed be a solution?
it's a 2007 model
right back at ya. :-) Thanks and keep in touch :-)
I know!! I freaked out and cried xD he was like "You want a love that consumes you" and she was like "Damon consumes me" gahh
Follow me and you won't regret it...
RT : METRO ALERT: Red Line track problem fixed. You may see some residual delays. // if fixed, why delays?
“ That awkward moment when soccer players think their sport is harder than softball" when soccer is harder
Can you strain a hammy out of ANGER?
Yay!! It's #Friday! The weekend is here! What are your plans? Going out to see some #live #music somewhere cool in the #SFBayArea? Tell us!
About to head down to Camden, Alabama to shoot the video to Blues Artist P Love's video "Out Of Those Streets" if the weather permits lol
About to take a shower in a few :P
9/23/09 ASTDRMC.org Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your customer that training will increase productivity & effectiveness!
I know who is Barry's puppeteer and who sent Barry campaiging while he attended WEF in Switzerland with Napolitano...
yes. send me your e-mail address, and i'll send you the info.
But as long as its here... RT : The sun don't shine forever.
i followed (:
www.myspace.com/YoungJSantiago
cheak it out.
Despite the Cowtippers loss, is there any doubt who the dominant conference in college basketball is?
I feel bad for the pple at starbucks there all in a hurry xD
#spotify = my new favorite
NEW FLAVOR ALERT: Moonlight Swirl is now carrying Cake Batter Fro-Yo. Stop by today and give it a try!
My favorite commercial of all time is the #sundrop conmercial
You're mazing! I love your music! Best country singer<3 PLEASE FOLLOW BACK.
Schools should teach classes in compassion and conflict resolution. #peace #love and
RT It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase 'As pretty as an Airport' appear. -Douglas Adams.
“: and patty thank you!! You know what you did tonight! A full 13hr friend shift!!” that's what friends are for!
From Oz: Fresh Hot Apple Pies at Masthead and Jefferson untill 1 PM
Justin Bieber replaced Ray J on The Money Team?
I'm so bored someone talk to me!!:/
“: That was both of us, brother : <-witness of AARP couple making out” see what I did there? If you QT or RT...
For anyone who hasn't bought So Listen by on iTunes should go buy it now!!!!!! It's amazing!!! I promise!!! :)
Skimmed it. Does it say something about the black bloc working for the cops? I agree BB is terrible and harmful.
#INTERNSHIP #SanDiego internship to start 2/6. Resumes ASAP to:
our classic joke!!(: gotta love basketball times!!!
I was gonna say bc I'll take it if u don't want it lmao
If spring is like a perhaps hand, winter is the touch once there, what's abruptly removed.
So that's how u beat Barcelona. All we need is to play 10 and have 6+ in the box to defend. Easy.
Your "Anonymous" #Q&A was genius. Attack your guests more often.
We love you too! Happy weekend! RT Love these #app folks:
Its cute how my nephew comes out of his bath, he lays there waiting fer his diaper & he starts PISSING on me. And then he laughs after. Aha
#hoodjesusmiracles credit card not getting declined at the register
Great, my mom is into conspiracy theories again.
I was gonna get a burger tonight until I read your rant!
Who's been in Heartbreak Hotel? </3
thanks lil bro
what up bro! I met you at Midnight Records this year in LA.
Glad you got to be there for the opening!
Let's face it: I suck at writing research papers at this point in college. Woo!!
It was Penkov
that is, hands down,the most heartwarming msg anyone has ever posted on here
THE TWINS!!!
I'm always way too early. Like, more than 15min early.
RT : GUYS U MUST FOLLOW KUZ SHEZ NOTHING ONLY THE HOTTEST BUT ALSO THE KOOLEST YOUNG LADY TO KNOW!!
Awesome, appreciate the support! (:
"Trust me, I understand... The underwater levels are always the hardest." Nicely put Flash
RHP Brian Sanches had his contract selected from Lehigh Valley. He fills the roster spot of RHP David Herndon. Todd Zolecki ()
Yep, it's time for a change. ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
#BGC8 I wish I culdve.watch it damn tv package we got .
Thank you!
I agree. Take Lewin's elegant equation B(f) P+E behavior is a function of the person and the environment.
Thanks. Let me know if you ever need anything.
That's hard to do around here
Getting outta school at 1045 due to no air conditioning :D
i know! it makes our heart melt <3
who single and ready to mingle ;)
remember when I saw him last year at the peach state for the first time? I blew you up!
ask Britt.
yeah me too. too much time on brandon
it used to be right by my house. I'm sure everything's good. I get chicken pad thai everywhere b/c I'm unoriginal though
lol! sorry for the confusion. #baseball not
Wanna, Wanna, Wanna, Follow Me? I Would Be Really, Really, Really, Happy If Ya Did. :) #followme and
nice twitter name, i thought of jazy first.<U+2665>
ur really mad at me
I will drink regardless. The volume and ferocity of my drinking will depend on their performance.
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself. Dont explain yourself to me. live your life.
Get to see in a little bit. (:
And you'll love the music of the other tweet, too..and I'm not just saying that because I know them...
right back atcha. :)
Oh my god I just wanna go home. Or to Cane's.
Ahh... Felt good to sleep in a little this morning after some very early mornings this week. Headed to Boise today. Long day of flying.
bahahhah (: love you
I wonder how many people planning to vote 3rd party are old enough to have voted for Nader in 2000.
brainwashing you since 1958
Days 17, 18 & 19 of #missingmilwaukee go (of course) to the amazing #c21nonhuman conference and my home this year,
My brother, where do you intend to go tonight? I heard that you missed your connecting flight
your point was fine, just beyond my frame of reference.and i've always been seriously monogamous (serially so in younger days).
Enjoying another beautiful day!
Design Tip: Use wallpaper to add pattern to rooms.
Hey , we're playing Adjacent Spaces! Right now! Suggestion: grocery store. We're moving all over this store, real-time.
Douglasville and Atlanta
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. - Dennis Waitley
If you fall, I'll be there. -Floor
I'm done exploring the tech tools, show me the results and data of improvement.
IMVU is so weird...
Pass them out around the world, so hopefully they make their way to your city! Great info on them, posting those this week on FB as well.
Aeropress is the only way to go.
... Tomorrow our landscaper comes to talk pool design! Yippee <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
Trayvon didnt even PINCH that liar George Zimmerman, let alone give him a broken nose.
Call us we rent copiers and printers. 303-778-0600
Sounds like a good idea for a compilation.
Directioner Forever <U+2764>'(: always dedicated to Ian , Barry , Hughy, Kyle & Wayne ;D
Yup. I just have to tell myself that I'm getting paid to do it their way, ya know? It's just frustrating at times.
Heading to Kaiser for code for oakland today! Calling #code4oakland as
I should've quit my job(s) and joined this week.
There are people who have money and people who are rich. -Coco Gabrielle Chanel
Enjoying and on !!!
Mascot Tip #20: Restrict the length of session to 20 min in costume. Then get away so you can take off the head and relieve heat. owly/9TlHf
waiting in LAX for plane - painful
Aw, i wish i cared more about some things ........... SIKE !
going out with my dad & sister ^_<
How about the Prince and the Pauper with #TeaParty and #Occupy?
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Looking fwd to sharing #LPC (O) Central Region #SWOT experience @ LPC(O) Exec Board in #Niagara Falls tomorrow
follow please
We're open for lunch! Fresh sushi, kobe beef sliders, hot Miso soup filled w/veggies...we have it all! Come on by and grab a spot outside!
aw thankyou! XO
Don't you just love the #RatPack inferences in #Diddy's new commercials?
xo19emmie98xo me too . :(
YOU! Amazing show tonight! You absolutely rock!!
Fear will never lead you to a positive end.
"woah what is Adele doing there!?"
Colors greatly affect
My dad is the chef at D'Vine! I showed him the picture, how fun.
They're great! I've got stacks of their SM baseball cards! We'll def hit you up. =)
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen This damn essay :/
Time to #dowork on this final paper! :)
agree with you on that
Thank you! The Beauty Pass is great!!!
'your heretical words moisten Paul's balls with worry. May his Balls-Based Anatomy enlighten you and show you the way.' Lolwat?
I don't know why, but your comment on my GAC video on youtube was marked as spam. I tried to respond to you though :)
So proud of you, POTUS!
Today has been such a long day!
Congrats Alexa ! RT
Well I certainly didn't see THAT coming. Wow.
I would make you some of my "famous" #NoBakeCookies if I knew where to send them!! Better than Grannys!! :)
I hope all of our friends goint to UT is okay. I know he didnt shoot anyone, but its still a tragic incident.
Lol! Nanny Nanny Boo Boo, Stick Your Head In DooDoo! ;D
Was rooting for Texas last night, but congrats to #Cardinals! I always wonder if they just toss the losers shirts that were made?
New years is comin. If I don't get a call for the studio,think I'm gonna do the tourist thing(hat and all) and watch the ball drop!
Damn Rondo
running first-ever personalized medicine trial for pancreatic cancer
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw County until 11:45 AM
If I Had A Gun I'd be working for "M.I.B."
Congratulations to Douglas Whitlow who was the lucky winner of our $1000 Lennar sweepstakes!
oh God, if his ass is going to tell me he likes me im going to fckin delete his annoying ass -.-
Lunch was too funny today
Say a little prayer that our path to Las Vegas is a smooth one my friend :)
y'all getting started on those records? I need them ASAP
Yea! Nothing's holding YOU back. NOTHING!! RT : I was packed for 3 games...
thanks. Perfect Saturday!
They have been doing this all post season. They suck in the second.
oh, i thought you meant dad. more evidence that your sister is a true badass.
Do you know #valencia has a lot of amazing #productdesigners? check it out on the latest www.fromspainmagazine.com .
but strippers are better (; *me&you yoville strippers* LOLOLOLomg
war of the worlds.
looking forward to meeting Frank Tardif, is that date scheduled yet?
thank you so much
Listening to how ABs can be better taught in FYW. What do we ask students to do when we ask them to write an AB?
Hopes my baby feels better soon. I love you the mostest! XoXoXo.
just met up with Brando- who is the angel that sold us our tickets??!
no doing the ladies fitness half in NYC!
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to following your tweets!
thanks alot! same to you!
#twitterverse needs you!
Out to breakfast at the Vanilla Bean with my favorite cousin and my little munchkin :-)
Suite Scarlett and Scarlett Fever by Maureen Johnson (2), and The Boyfriend List and its sequels by E. Lockhart (3).
Which type of training do you prefer? or #Crossfit?
Callus : My mum was in a car accident a few days ago and she's still in so much pain and also the guy gave false insurance
TEACHERS this is a good chance to get your students Tweeting! Assign it as a class assignment for the students to respond.
#Cats step with both left legs, then both right when they walk or run. The only other animals to do this naturally are #giraffes &
LOL same my tweets go to my phone tweet me from now on omg i miss you to death and not much i've been deceased so yeah
I have a black baby....who knew.
Looking forward to the golden nuggets
Thanks! RT #Volunteer friends are the best
You shouldn't keep things from me. That's annoying.
Thanks! Yeah my mom has no faith in people who "Tweetie" stuff!
This is a repeat of wonky canda!!
These days you can't pay nobody to be Real.
I just saw a commercial for Missing, in which Ashley Judd is NOT WEARING A FLOPPY HAT!
You no longer need a security escort to reach the #GT Archives. Just enter through the front door btw Crosland Tower & the Hinman Bldg.
dinner sounds great on me do'nt u think
Awesome work by all of tonight's dancers including , , , & !! Can't wait to do it again :-)
Individuals Polled On &quot;Do You Think Blog Commenting is Still Effective in 2012?&quot;
Just like his mama smart boy! That looks fantastic!!!! M
I would support you if you decide to blackout all day
I'll trade my first born child for tickets to Austin show. Any takers?
yeah u bird go eat some bread crumbs u stupid hoe
Almost done .. Almost done
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40 %
Lol you suck
Sat 6/23, ALL AGES/21+ to drink show available venue. Double V is Looking for pop/rock/alt/indie/modern rock bands looking to perform
*smh* ugly start for the
this sounds AWESOME! Sharing this and will encourage my ladybugs to give it a try too!
This is definitely not Miller Time tonight. Shaky
Happy Easter from the txt4health team! For free diet & exercise tips, text HEALTH to 300400.
There he goes again, Sparks keeps talking about "trust" and "truth"
Reading about forthcoming 'Platooning' technology for highway driving. Weird concept. Can it really be done successfully?
I don't know yet! When I can maneuver well.. Haha
This is for the friend I will always trust and love
Inspired by 'Think Like A Man,' Basketball Wives Star Tami Roman Is Penning A Relationship Book. Go Tami!
Wait - retracting Lleinenkugel decision until further notice. and I are horrible about making decisions
Unruly Music festival countdown 9: intermedia performance of Cage's Song Books (voice, theater, and dance with live electronics) on March 9.
Pandora is weird -laughs-
I feel bad within the first 4 days i almost have 400 followers !! but im not on twitter alot! i promise i will shoutouts anyone ?
Per NYTimes Antibiotiic may delay aging process! Rapamycin - looking promising. Too early to tell.Move over reveratrol..hello younger mice
A reminder to all, the Museum is open today. Stop by and visit!
#nfais12 Howard Ratnor Thanks for the nostalgia photos! Breakdown of tech by decade. Hearing the internet zzzzz___eeee__zzzzz_eheheh
Join us Saturday at 2:00 PM for A Conversation on Printmaking! Hear master printers talk about the art of printing!
Thank you for a fantastic party! YUM!
Started back reading Gin Phillips' "The Well and the Mine" after a little reading break. Feels good to be back.
throwing stones, man...
please please please follow me!, i love you im your biggest fan i got posters all over my wall of you!
hey big brofer how r u
Complimentary care meets western medicine: “Sometimes treatment and healing programs might not mix very well. In terms of the herbs t...
So very deep in Texas right now. Looking forward to seeing our boys . real soon.
Just made sirens go off in the phone store. opps Haha
": u adjust ur zipper and she immediately begins to put her hair in a pony tail.#SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
On the way
The Local Natives pandora station is really killing it for me right now. Spot on. <3
Note: #thatcamp is still okay too & I'll still use that for tweeting our #sessionideas so everyone can see how awesome our ideas are. :D
I'm fine, Roberta, thanks! We are past the blossoming stage of Spring here. Wish it would stay around longer. How are you?
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
My spring break is next week; I can't decide if the person who planned this is crazy or just a fantastic troll.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
and and possibly go after a Nash or someone on that level? thanks.
Dear Coors Light, we get that your beer is cold. This is not special to your beer. Other beers can be colder, potentially frozen.
#sschat, The sts write scripts for newscasts or reinactments, use a rubric to keep sts on track for writng,let them be creative for filming
"I'm American who gives to his country. Even when I make it rain, I'm giving it to Americans. - Floyd Mayweather jr
I hope he starts touring the country. Right now he's only doing shows in Cali.
Anthony Pettis has the meanest head kicks!
DA news conference at 10 a.m. today to address South Bay corruption. Media credential required. 13th floor press room.
I really enjoy getting walked all over.
MCA and the beastie boys are dope and he will be missed…
Hope she heals up well! Lost my cat to cancer this year. It's so hard to see them go through that.
Wyoming! Back Tuesday. Thanks!
not only am I watching the draft, I'm DVRing the ESPN feed while watching NFLNetwork feed...and switching back&forth to rangers.
it's alright, with friends just watched the M's game
Always get w/ the #FF luv. so when are we going to do coffee sir? Happy Friday to you as well.
I love Arsenal, Theo Walcott is my favorite player! But he is out for the season with a hamstring injury :(
That goal post has not been friendly to the Terps, but that is the same end FSU got a FG blocked a few years back by Jeremy Navarre
Indexing means you can serach digital Newpapercopies for article titles, topics, etc. ProQuest Webinar
My shorts arnt that short, my butt just that big.
Surprised didn't refer to magazine cover in their segment on breasts. Maybe wanted to avoid a mess?
Want extra entries for Best of the Bunch? Use secret code: Halloween. See main nmsweeps website for more. Good luck.
We're gonna get it stuck in your head FOREVER after tonight!
don't leave me! Lol
nah Tech is wack. DNA was dope from the jump. Cant wait for his next battle
Im excited for college, and RUSH WEEK!!!! I'm most likely going to rush but not pledge! :D
Are your toes ready for sandals?
I swear is the best thing EVER!! SO MUCH NEW MUSIC!! I'm in heaven!
alone. Every panel I'm on there is one person who interrupts and has all the fucking answers.
He wasn't the only one getting worked tonight!
funniest set of tweets i've seen in a while!
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
sometimes others are depending on you not to fail. Like your children. I think that is where the fear often comes from.
the highest it gets is probabl the high 80's if that.
Asserts that libraries doing massdig are taking a risk - true but ignores potential for fair use / unpublished materials
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
RT: Gas station employees are gas station employees for a reason. Is it that they have no fear of being stabbed w/ a screwdriver?
fuck it dude I'm doing it. Thanks man!
yo son, i wish i was there b, word is bond yo, id have that shit on lock ya figgadeal me?
Good to know. He likes my yard.
Babe!!! I need my jacket!! Lol
i follow and enjoy both and often wonder: how does he decide what comes from and what comes from ?
On May 2nd's "Law & Order: Special Victim's Unit"...you can hear John Coltrane/Johnny Hartman..."My One & Only Love". Jazz Lives!
Alright man.
Its great man...a lot to learn and refresh...so far so good. #hollister can burn in hell. Hows teaching
So tired but I can't sleep! Ughh.. HMU ! :) <3
#PeytonManning please come back home to TN!
Need a great date place for the weekend? Check this out. tinyurl.com/4k2xpwp
drunk... again
Of it without hesitation, and thats what makes you perfect.
be back later
Tip: Remember that it is less expensive to have buffet-style meal.
Home alone watching Freddy vs. Jason on a Friday night? Yep! The fabulous exciting life of a body piercer.
Thank YOU for sharing your work and stories of women in the field.
there is a swimming pool that has my name on it. :-)
I can tell that your a bitch xD
Thank you new followers :)
At #cookbookconf thinking about adding video to KP. Perhaps a series of PR tips, monetization ideas, & other news coming from me. Thoughts?
We had an incredibly productive team meeting last night. Changes are coming soon, but most importantly: Great Art is coming your way!!! :)
You block me on YouTube,why?I've been one of your biggest fans,I share your videos and you block me?Whatever then..
u ready
TODAY:15: Melissa McCormick, Harvard "Japan’s 12th Century Genji Scrolls" Minor 125 | Co-sponsored by East Asia Center and Art Dept.
see you soon for girls night out
Today I learn all about local governments and their crazy records laws.
is a cutie :)
Maroon 5... oh yeah!
Hey i thought wickett was the bad guy RT : #teamJohnnyAND THIS IS WHY EVERYONE LOVES WICKETT!!!
that's awesome! Thanks for posting!
I think i will officially be banned from certain people's cars.
everybody just take it easy
Don't ask me if I'm high... Thats a silly question.
Man I really can't wait to share with the world my new Material. I hope you will be wowed cause I sure was ;) lol
Time to put on my gear and watch #Kobe get down
awesome. Should be an interesting show!
M, delicious cookies and other sweets at the office today- Great energy :)
Follow back
sad but true. Only thing worse is that we've started tweeting side by side as well.
just drove through San Dimas/made the obligatory Bill and Ted reference.. Don't really have a history with the Ataris :(
personnel... No team speed, undersized LBs, and they missed a dominating rush end
YES! Figure it out NOW! -- Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. (via )
In Kuwait, honor killings are not criminal acts, but misdemeanors.
Heading to to meet with Kim from to talk #wedding hair - so excited!
Haha! I'm obsessed :) I camped out with Livy Rosenzweig for 11 hours! loll, we'll talk more about him tonight!
Why do folks think everyone who dies go to heaven?
P.s. I bet all the LA fans wanna hit atleast one person on their TL, wit that World Peace elbow...lol
www.reverbnation.com/troothandthechampagnegang check out the music hot shit meaningful lyrics......
Every Twitter account is run by a person who could potentially be YOUR customer. Every @ reply you ignore is a CS fail.
Today can bite me. (Not literally, you vampire-obsessed weirdos)
My mind is a weapon, what I needa pop a clip fo '
Good for you. I don't have the strength for that...
Too Funny All efforts of r 2 destroy America not Oil
Sorry. RT : #ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When their boyfriend has a job.
Which is your favorite? RT : yes I'm so happy too I use lots of products.
You really 10k-ing? What race is it?
Thanks, Miranda
i just realized that i missed my wish:c
What would Steve Jobs do?
The lights in our section just went out. I think they were on a motion sensor timer?
Angel In a New Dress
Good connecting with you man!
What song of Rihanna's or Katy Perry's u wish was urs?
“: I need to get more than 7 hours a sleep. At least 8 would be nice.” i'm lucky to get more than 3 hours.
Cake ice cream and moviee don't forget nutella and popcorn<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327>
Grove is open today and tomorrow the Will & Pop's food truck will be visiting and we'll have live music. All starting at 11:30am.
@ Wash Univ. Fall Festival today - great game - Wash U 24 College of Wooster 20
Orioles have returned. They raise one brood and move on.
Congrats ! You officially have the worst return policy in the world. Good job losing a customer. I'll applaud when you go bankrupt.
Keith, my name is Keith...
Just short of 3% of current workforce has been shifted to #disability vs being unemployed since 08...that makes #unemployment at least 11.1%
falling asleep to a young Gabe. Little Manhattan 2: Have ya' met Peeta?
in the fortress of solitude, of course. We've been cookin up something big Dave. Drop by, sign over your 1st born, and I'll spill
From the base up, Hegel's Absolute seems fantastical. Looking down from a local synthesis, dialectic is recursion.
Moderately. Many of the group convos don't seem to apply to me. RT : Linkedin - do you use? A) Frequently B) Moderately C) Rarely
Has to be one of the most dramatic finishes in EPL history. The look on the united players was priceless
No burritos outside the bar tonight so cooking up
haha idk, maybe mall or park or something
The guy doing tile work in our basement remodel sounds like a less eloquent Cletus the Slack-jawed Yokel.
Ha, waking up at 6:30 makes all the difference to me<U+2665>(:
(: what time r u gonna interview the ICONic Boyz?
Watching Madea for my first time. My lord, have mercy.
Carbs aren't evil, but they lead to glycation when eaten in surplus which will damage your body.
BASE Camp Free Food Pantry; Saturday, April 21, 11-3 call Cheryl Hill 407-399-1395 BASE Camp Office, 140 N Orlando, WP bring your own bags.
Metalwork | Blog | Exam Bible 642-642 IP Communications latest ...
I'm just wearing jeans because it's a fast food restaurant and they don't really care :)
that's totally about me.... jk
'I decided to stick it between my legs.'
My back fucking hurts.
Kick back & relax @ Prospect&Grill in La Jolla w/ a bottle of SKYY & VIP table for $99! With 60% off, don't let this deal pass you by!
Yes OKC up 2-0. 5% teams come back to win the series!
"People often confuse recognition for acceptance. If you hear and see something enough times, you begin to think that you like it."
": hey Staffy ;) where are you?" Where ever you want me to be beautiful <3
Oh the thrill of being on deadline. Sometimes it's hit or miss. This may have been a mediocre "we'll let it slide"...
I don't care how ridiculous it sounds but I miss Amy Winehouse like she was a best friend of mine Seriously sad Other things on my mind too.
you are up early.
Told someone I was on "some next level parking shit." I'm parked on the second level of the parking structure at Whole Foods.
I felt a great distubance in the force, as if were trying to make sense of a Romney speech....
Hey blake, there's this little girl that wants you to follow her so she can win a bet. she's a sweetheart.
oh my god your graduating?! 0.o I feel old haha I am good just can't wait to come home
Creating a New Progressive Ecumenical Church Relationship - Huffington Post
Speak Up Findings:In 2007 only 11% of teachers regularly updated their social networking site, 2010 showed over 44% as active Facebook users
what are the rates I need a room that night for me and my man
Boy I don't need you, but you need me
STOP IN THE BEST SHOP IN BUFFALO.......THECUT(seen on vh1) get ya style from the master stylist
Whenever I'm creating test data in lower SAP landscapes, I attempt to be funny in my naming conventions to encourage future chuckles.
OK. I have a crush on Zooey, but her eyes in that totally creep me out. I'm choosing to blame Instagram.
Online shopping, I might have a problem.
I am on a plane
thanks eric! we love #tealeafgreen and will have more coverage of them coming soon!
Looting? RT : So what does LA Kings, #CLIPPERS and Lakers all in PLAYOFFS at same time mean? A FLAG on EVERY car in SoCAL!!
I've not been on Twitter much but when I saw "Booksandwine" I smiled! After I finish writing today, books and wine best idea!
nice to know about you
yes! Tonight during much needed relaxing time!
Anyone have a sprint phone? my buttons are going out!!!!
Is cutout furniture from magazines equivalent to buying furniture? Cause I can fit more with just paper and tape...
Getting used to finding my news on internet my Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper unable to deliver the goods
Glad to see Santorum end campaign. Gingrich could learn from his grace.
good intentions and roads to hell
in DC to talk about high performance computing tomorrow at
who are you? And no.
are you talking about who I think you are
trying to fax shit is a horrible pain in the ass. so irritated
#spelling police
Well well well good morning twits, hope everyone has a great day. I'm hoppin in the shower. Starting my day.
So, riddle me this: Is my ongoing aversion to Chevy Chase on this show going to keep me from loving it? Seen up through s2e2
Just walked by the hotel where Sid Vicious stabbed Nancy.
Left us too soon, steve jobs..without you this kind of creative control would still only be imagined
I hate happy people. Fuck happy people.
I received this txt from our 9yo tonight, "Jane called me a pachina (female anatomy). Can you get her in big trouble?".
I'm cooler than a polar bears toenails
thanks for the shout out!
I WAS HALF A VIRGIN BEFORE HE TWEETED ME. NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
i'd say so. That tall one is screaming for some eiswein! Can the chained ones be hung from piercings?
RT : Having a bad day? Today in 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800...now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Her twat taste like glazed donuts? She is giving cats type-2 "die of beetus" on the first night
RT : Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. -Oprah
you better win.
CeRave products - My doctor recommended it - CVS and Walgreens carry it - so does Walmart
"The ability to discipline yourself to delay gratification in the short term in order to enjoy greater rewards in the long term is the indis
WOW- is putting on her best performance yet for the save! #teamkarla #teamadam - come on !
It's on the left side. Managed to show a photo. The producers can't keep them from trying to outjoke each other on
THURS HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/ MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
RT : Governor of OR to address sell out crowd at the #nwsmartgrid Peer to Peer workshop at PGE
what time for interview on ?
funny funny
One Question!!! When you gonna let me take care of your heart.!?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 114
What type of dog would that be?
In our system leadership is by consent, not command
My mom says every time Adam Sandler shows up with his striped athletic jacket, she thinks he's wearing a tallis. If only.
Had a GREAT time playing music w/ some of the Bays best this morning life is good!
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS English - We Speak It. History - They're dead get over it. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that Spanish - We Have Dora
Thank you for following us!
is it tomorrow?
Black History Month is a small but necessary tool dedicated to recognizing the struggles of black men and women.
Neighbors moving out all around me. Where y'all going? We just signed another one! The party is just starting.
I know how it goes. I'm trying to plan a few days back in mke too hopefully in the next few weeks
You're a hit yourself RT In the stu makin hits
#NP World So Cold Three Days Grace
At a secret nutrition talk with Gatorade guru Bob Murray picking up some great info.
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes . ~ Henry David Thoreau
Home brew entrants getting Brown Ales ready for judging next week!
alright, inv me when you hop on bro
It always amazes me that you can tell a recent rendering of the Mily Way galaxy from an old one by whether it has a barred spiral or not....
Do some sweet shit just so you can turn around and say "Fuck you bitch."
Thanks Richard for visiting our booth!
you already know bro! for the support..
Drake- Club Paradise
Just remembered I have a Dunkin Donuts gift card...outlook for today just improved!
hey you
Hope this meeting at the clinic go by fast, got too much work to do smh
you can run, but you'll only die tired - a friend of mine's ex-girlfriend's father's saying
Just wouldn't b a opening wo a show tune!
Any Vegas PR people looking for a new gig? I know a cool opportunity... DM me.
Last minute hotel booking in Chicago, fingers crossed…
gas station wine is awesome! not so sure about Virginia driving though...
The Great '85 was pretty wicked!! Deer Vibes is up next! Stay tuned! Http://massiverocketradio.com
I'm glad Jon Stewart gave that shout-out to Colbert. Daily Show is a classic, but Colbert was fantastic this year.
- once we fed , he subdivided into clones of himself. Sort of like the trouble with tribbles!
Hey mort, what's favre up to?
Because I have ideas, but they mostly consist of many of us relocating to Circus Island, where we run the world from our carnival silos.
Avengers is the only movie I've seen where the audience clapped...hell they did it twice!
Just got done with this order.....im tired as heck....but we love repeat customers who always order big!!!.....
When I think of "him" I smile When I say "his" name I giggle a little When "he" says hi to me my heart skips a beat<3
time for you to get the hell outta there like for real....
Akinade: scholarly publication faces many challenges,most of which are money-related:educational budget, scholar pay, equipment.
Anyone here familiar with FFMPEG encoding?
that's funny cuz I totally didn't bring her around you, real classy to threaten her that way too.
check out ma boy his music bang hard y'all should
Yeah, its worth listening to. There are some really good songs and then some not so good ones
you're in the city again?
Thanks Dustin, you're on my list
LTS Heather Woods & Eileen Hardy start off the event. "future of library spaces and services on campus.
Marchers return to Zuccotti Park/Liberty Plaza, several arrests but no major altercations.
Wow. Which church was it?
Follow your dreams and the will come true!
Drive for Charity is THIS Friday, Nov. 19th. $1 from every trip goes to local charities, including Homefront San Diego!
depends on the vibe I get from the guy. If a girl offered would you be offended what if she didn't? It's such a fine line.
Tweeting and retweeting till the kids wake up.
also I know "bollocks"
Thank you for the PSA, RT'd by
#SEME2012 day 2 about to begin. Excited about the young professional breakout lunch!
Yes. Yes we are. RT : We goin in
Well, going to TRY to have a good day today after some boring ass idiots try to ruin mine yesterday on Facebook.
I heard you were a wild one :)
Cant believe Austin is taking such a huge step, proud of him x
Looking forward to video call with new partners in Shanghai tonight. Making some great progress!
Teeth are the hardest substance in the human body.
We're on the same wavelength! I'm in Portland today. Sorry I missed you! Let's talk soon...
Thanks for following me too :D x
Okay, if one begged and begged for something they want, would you give it to them ? Or it just doesn't matter...
I usually don't. I just like her.
hey your nba pregame show is better w/o stu. Itll improve massively if you replace a certain hall of famer w/ CWebb
why is 1D moving to the U.S? ugh they're so annoying.
They named Hill of Grace after he slept there.....
I feel you. Taking inventory on a lot of things and re-prioritizing.
No one wants to meet me? Lol okay I'm a lazy ass anyway c:
You pumping blood when you doing a jumping jack, we extracting blood when we jumping jack. #jackFuckedUp #comedyflow lol
My bathroom looks like a beauty salon threw up
hello darling
DM us the card number, we can check for you.
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY! Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
This game is kinda boring.
LETS DO IT HAHAHAHAHA
If this is a short term wish, you can borrow mine. Though single speed (choice of fixed gear or not). Only a little dangerous
u got a fan and a follower here!
Hittin' the road to Vegas with Hess and Marten. The trio's back togetha... Aw yeah.
#3WordsOfAdvice ...just keep swimming <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
So a Captain Morgan and coke in Scotland is a Captain Morgan n' ginga?
Haha, I was just about to Tweet that as well. Never thought I'd see the day. Might be best Linkedin invite ever.
I'm bummed about World Market closing in MN I love that store
OMG Jym Ganahl is here tonight!
Nice article in this Sunday re: light rail development in #Austin.Author also talked about it on this morning
I eat crickets but
I just don't trust any road-side real estate investment opportunity that hand writes their sign instead of spending $10 at Kinko's.
I feel so fat :o
April 14, 1865 would've been even more interesting if John Wilkes Booth had instagram
twin days! how was your waterfall?
“We’re here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here?” —Steve Jobs
Just bought a piano from your amazing store. Ross thank you for the top notch customer service.
If you're at home and not watching this South Florida vs Notre Dame game on ESPN, you're missing out.Collins is holding it down for Houston.
PM announces promulgation of new charter
Welcome :-) Have a great day!
#5thingsaboutme 4. I don't know why she doesn't Notice Me.
The paperback is split into three volumes again--and boxed in clear plastic. Costs $29.95!!!
If you look at Twitter, FB, or surf the web at work, OWN UP TO IT. We all see tiny browser in the corner of your screen.
Film fans are still forking over for "The Hunger Games," which took in $33.5 million to lead the box office for a third-straight weekend.
I hate , going back to #Obama rhetoric. What are you even talking about? #Grassroots will #Overcome, we don't need you!
Fun to speculate. I'll look for
Girls love a superhero guy. So the best sex move is to cum in your hand, throw it at her and jump out the window: like Spiderman would do!
I do not mean that I am already as God wants me to be. I have not yet reached that goal, but I continue trying to reach it Philippians 3:12
I don't see one... had never occurred to me before today that this could be a problem
currently prepping for the French lesson I'm teaching at 3.30 and continuing work on my packing list for Paris.
Global Partners in Health. Nat'l: Community Health Centers. Local: Open Door Family Medical Centers.
My friend won't text me back
best twitter account going right now
When people play with my hair I'm like ----> -.o
Going for a run!!
my account keeps dming people saying "someone is saying bad romurs about you'' i changed my password and deleted them but they cam
Why is sal's pizza closed before midnight on a weekend?
That would be awesome ": BRO!!! RT I would like to see Kobe drop dead tonight"
Let me guess.. Your gonna go to OG
oh... Bwahaha! I should have known. What are some of the lyrics? Haven't heard that song in ages.
As a woman I have conflicted feelings about her as well. :(
Shut up already!
I found a church, headed to Mt. Olive AME Church at 1108 Carver Street, Myrtle Beach, SC. Join me later at Broadway at the Beach @ 12:15
Creative Coalition backed by Mirkat & Xavier Hill founders of the team
Well the NEWZ sites just found out about 's release... Broke it Tuesday
Open today 9-4 and tomorrow 10-2 for your Valentines cupcakes filled with love and topped with fresh fruit.
i like music more than i like most people.
smoke i sent u more questions to your DM, can u reply back with ur answers
I like how is moderating this panel with #realPeople at
Lol yea it is so glad that i finally got to watch it i've been waiting 4 a long Time.....,
Got those work outfits
Hey people I'm looking for a talent agent so if you can help me I would be most grateful ! Tryin to BLOW UP IN HOLLYWOOD !
hahaha too true. Too bad it doesn't get out the wrinkles.
Today I had a great meeting with an agent and he right away signed me! :)
This Diesel is ferocious.
smh “: Wasted sitting outside of Copa and it's about to rain wtf”
I'll have to wait until I have speakers. Nuts.
Still hard for me to believe that is only 17 haha :)
Oh and church was awesome!! I want that painting!!
I <3 you!!!! Thanks for coming to are me while I was in my "coma" ;)
It's my favorite day of the year: we just put the Christmas ornaments out!! They're all so beautiful. Come in and pick out your favorite!
I've pulled muscles on both sides of my neck...
“Music is the mediator between the life of the senses and the life of the spirit.” Beethoven (1770-1827
No problem and yes everything is going well
makes corn agnolotti as good as You can 2 in fall2012 w/ 's Flavors From a Jersey Italian cookbook
Linderella's Coach Turns Back Into Pumpkin
I wonder why they don't make lizard-flavored cat food. I know my cat would be on board for that!
Those 5 missed
And a great Friday to you as well,
Wahhh, first FB now BP. Why can't I get onto my own site?
Let him know there's a routine, Megs.
I thought we'd stopped talking about for the day. . .
Why were the two guys next to me on my flight last week FAA analysts who felt the need to discuss their theories on why Air France went down
never eating pancakes again
I hope my dream will one day come true <3
At McDonalds last night the dude gave me the wrong flavored McFlurry. I threw it back at him and screamed back, "You McFUCKED UP!"
I hate that!!! I never get pimples except when I'm PMSing.
Coming up on Jay Leno: Rick Santorum! I am staying up!!
i HATE allergies.
hella funny! The old man donut skit hilarious! Let me tell ya something sport Somebody's ass gettin whooped for these donuts!
I don't hate her because you're the one I am worried about. You tell me you don't care but its oretty obvious
pwahahahah!! Rude!!! Jesse stop taking pics of ur grandma livin it up on the airplane!
and thank YOU for hosting!
u were amazing on the x-factor! I'm hoping ur tour comes to newcastle! X
HA, is taking over - relay the notice to and Steve
I am starting to think that #FloydMayweather is scared to fight #MannyPacquiao; he seems to have an endless amount of excuses.
Not every day. Pizza trumps it, but def on a cold and rainy day.
Is it strange to want to scramble my IP and start spamming the website that keeps spamming one of my sites?
I hope u guys kicked butt tonight. :)
Did you get your tickets yet and ?
"Happy-ness Hour" Ear #Acupuncture Fridays 4-6pm @ Potrero Community Acupuncture 1796 18th Suite B Drop in, relax & be ready for the weekend
“: I realized why Hellen Keller couldn't drive. She's a woman.” << oh shit
Thanks for spreading the word! Did you get a chance to vote?
He went back to shelving, but I could tell he wanted to shush me.
RT : Oklahoma State debuts new uniforms tomorrow, will supposedly make them the "Oregon of the midwest."
Thanks for your delightful Pinterest boards. :)
Once this chik-fil-a digests....I'll have one less SH** to give...ha!
This is really March madness.
Order sent to Michelle in VA!
On youtube
Today's #vinyl buys: Johnny Thunders: "Que Sera, Sera" (Jungle), Duane Eddy: Water Skiing (RCA Victor), Mahalia: S/T (Apollo)...
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
RT : Next question for our PSA: What's your favorite Tampa Bay landmark?
Elijah of Buxton
If you have infinity of rational numbers and "infinitely more" normal numbers, isn't that a paradox?
Had an amazing session in studio so excited about the new stuff coming up =D
The crowd is starting to pile in for tonight's show with legendary performer, Diana Ross!!! Are you here? Tweet at us! :-)
Ok no one is at the rec...
going to vote for until my fingers fall off.
Project is DONE, special thanks to
I just saw a women so big she took up the double doorway.
A Whole Day Without 1 Single tweet !!!!!!!!!!! #AreYouSick?
Thanks Jennifer! We love working with u guys! were talking about how fast u came on and made things happen! Great work!
No awning yet -- we'll let you know!
Did you see the missprint by NHL network last night?
Oh poo. I can't go. I'm in rehearsal at that time. :( Thanks anyway.
So dark and cold, I drive alone like a phantomrider s2
Come see us at Playland on Friday!
Thanks for the follow Adriel!
Yessir! We gotta hang out papa, been way too long. You doing summer at the FIU? ": Pineapple! your back home?"
Do you have an important presentation to co-workers, superiors or a client coming up? Why not brighten your smile and look like a boss!
this weekend I'm at idle hour lounge friday and saturday 8601 w. Grand in river grove IL
Walk into Isabels house and get attacked by like 6 cats.
me either<3
Yep, the homemade chocolate-dipped macaroons were definitely worth it.
why are u not sure luv? :)
not sure i fully understand Tebow to the Jets...
If you really Care for Her, Fight for Her. Don't let Her Go that Easy.
Nice Tim Burton reference at the beginning. It is very Burtonish.
I hate sleeping alone.
cc: MT : It'd be much better if Amtrak pretended not to have wifi, then the rare occasions it works would be thrilling
. what have you been up to since the world premiere of She Wolf Rising back in 2010
thank u love
So glad you are following! See you at Discovery Theater soon :D
I'm glad it had that effect in someone... :)
If I eat myself will I become twice as big or disappear completely?
I think everyone finally found out what is gifted in a normal person couldnt do what he did Friday 27.2 miles.
School sucks
Yeah. I love your name I have never heard that name.
February 21st (Day 21) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Spring Water
Checking out Team Interactive's event tonight to benefit NYC youths.
Oh no...please just be a bruise Gamel.
A little heartbroken right now. How am I supposed to do this? My poor baby is gonna be so sad. I need money bad!
. Why is focus on time to degree misguided?
Well this rice pudding taste like a huge piece of shit. You can have it.
Good Morning to you all.
OnlY YoU BabY *_*
drinking leftover beer =)
RISING STAR ALERT: Champ Rory Mcllroy sets records. Now, for a personal brand that connects him with his fans...
its ok tweetiepie, have sumthing to ask u n a few
Thanks to for being on the show tonight. Great player and an even better interview.
The 4 bus is killing me right now. Thank god I have the patience of a saint.
Calm down, dont need all that... That was a medium joke at best RT : bwahahahahaha!!!!!
made 100$ today for pep squad ;D
Everytime I try to be good it backfires on me
All have a blessed day. I pray that love will always be first in everyone's heart. Happy Valentines Day! Love everyone as Christ loves you!
wow! 90% of the world now lives in a place with access to a mobile network
Geez John Freida - could you have picked a skinnier model for your commercial? Feed her before she breaks in half!
“: Admit It, we've all recorded ourselves singing to see if we could actually sing.” #Success :)
I Followed! Please!!!
My 1st memory of Eric was that he is a gorgeous vampire!!
No problem!! Happy to keep you connected during your travels. Have a safe trip!
#UCDavis students *allowed* police & chancellor to leave. Students knew their power, used it humanely. Police, admin could learn from that.
Now *this* is how you do a halftime show.
4 more hours to kill
love it, Did you get the txt :)
after a two hour meeting, a large fry is definitely a necessity.
You are never given anything that you can't handle.
Wow...what a hell of a game lol. #CELTICS NATION
yes it is!
need me a wonderfully flattering and adorable holiday dress to work my 8+ month pregnancy bump or should I say BUMPS!
sure am..
Thanks so much for the mention! Happy Cooking, Patsy
Whatever it is you need to do, today is the day to do it.
accountant ShawnQ takes 7 on his first golf hole ever...
what's it called when earl scruggs has a problem?......
Oh Brett Lawrie, you crazy s.o.b
I cut my bangs to short
Thank you, sir!
Also met some new friends at #UMD #studyabroad fair on Wednesday. Go Terps!
In Senate, Forby's facility closure bill that strengthens COGFA process, floor. Interesting given discrepancy btwn them & Gov's budget.
confused me. Thanks for the help, much appreciated!
Hey Hey So u are up on twitter now :)
Great idea!!
Role at HubSpot: I am a translator of customer needs
Loving today very peaceful..........
SDG&E presents a check for $71,340 check to the El Cajon City Council for leadership in energy efficient building 4 the new police station
ran 6 miles today... marathon training week 4 = now!
I'm confused by the question: I typically remove that kind of autoformatting for Comp. (across the board)
I'm really proud of all of my "friends" that showed their asses on FB today. Really proud.
Thank you!
Just got a an email from Wings Over Brookline. Boston, I miss you so.
that chair slipped. The sweat on Coach Knight's hands made it hard to hold on to as he spun it around to sit in.
Spring is nearly here, and you know what that means... shorts, tank tops, and bare legs! Call us to schedule a hair removal appointment!
Allen and Bernadette Hurley lived in Silver City with their baby and a roommate—who they, or just he, may have killed. Allen may be insane.
Thanks for the #FF mention; have a great #CRE weekend.
Asking God to humble you is really dumb.
Great to meet people at conferences... people whose work you've read, who advance the field, people you've otherwise only met on Tw!
so, I can't follow you since you're private?
I thought EXACTLY the same thing earlier today. RT " The new Toyota Prius commercial is creepy. And not in a good way."
Today just flat out sucked
The day when I wake up in your arms I thought it was a dream but it was real, now that you're so far from me, I dream to be in your arms..<U+2665>
Really nice cork.
At #fenway tonight. Catch me on NESN in my brown paper bag.
I've always respected you since I saw you in ROH but today you have gained even more
its not easy...
Have you heard of DogTV? Our friends in SoCal have been telling us about it.
that's probably their goal, I'll remember the name, very effective add I thought
We're looking for a social media manager/intern. No pay, but we'll try to comp you in other ways. Email us:
If you own more than one bass flats should be on one of them.D,Addario "Chromes" are a good choice.lower tension,great (classic) sound.
Super excited providing cupcakes for exclusive media reception! #BabyBashBling can't wait!
Today was a great day
don't you mean your screeching ???(:
not sure, but if you enable the experimental swipe feature, you can three finger swipe to see an expose-like overview of all tabs...
I've been good. Focused on M13. How bout you?
no heather... U r always good to me. U know this :) call/text me. Lol
#whyamibored needa get outta the house...
blogging it ASAP
RT : #DidYouKnow – Coleman Skeeter ‘12 is launching , bringing #greenhouse #farms to #urban areas like
I saw Stevie Ray 3 times before he died. One of the greatest guitarist that ever lived.
I hate not having him here.
Exhausted doesn't even begin to cut it!
choosing an appropriate used car is ... causing me headache!
Uh oh
Maybe I missed it, but not seeing much mention of identity in the 'path to the cloud' news from
4 Not-So-Obvious Things to Research Before Buying a Home
Man, whatever happened to Huxley? I was so excited for it like 5 years ago...
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted, and saves the crushed in spirit.
U R welcome Jenelle RT Thank you for getting me the P audition. I am very excited about this role!!!
Right?! Wouldn't it be awesome to sleep right now like most people -_
I dont mean to sound sly but Ive got a gay friend who thinks ur gorgeouse &he wants 2no if ur gay or not but hes 2 afraid 2 ask x
When the shampoo is soothing and the detangling is smooth and painless the doors of the church open up.
take him lol. He wont be missed
Thanks, man. I need a nudge every now and then. ;)
Loving Kris Radish's books! If you're looking for a new author to try and like female friend stories, check her out.
I have the best boss in the world.
i swear every time i read ur tweets the one things tht comes to mind is "she is so random" lol
let me know where I should email you :D
Heard you're coming back, is it true? ;o
I was doing that last night and it sounded like something was moving around I jumped out of my bed across the room to the light
Who is your hero?
Kid-Friendly Celebrity Wedding Ideas for Brad and Angie to Copy
watching #awkward !
I'll fight 'em all. On the same night. Who else needs to #learntheirlesson? The Rev is calling out all cowards.
Why is vertical text alignment for UITextfield not "center" by default, esp with border style of RoundedRect…
Of course I can take a few notes Kate! Looking forward to this one - Thanks for hosting as always Shawn!
We've got a book signing event Sat from 11-1 & then the OT Fall Fest in the eve. Should b a fun filled wkend!
It's like telling friends what happened in the world.
I'm not sure.
11:11 don't be a dick this time lol
ya man! he has, its good for him
Audition Tip: Plan where you’ll breathe in your audition song. You don’t want to run out of air in the middle of a word.
Spankings will likely be in order.
wow I hope it is not true.
My dog and I just had a starring contest.. She won >.>
Wall St's "Europroblem is our problem" sell-off continues. Dow DN 100 pts in early going.
You seem to always be eating!
non-stop busy
While setting my alarm, I'm thinking "thats way too early"
Oh they are? Once Caitlin smuggles me into California we can meet :]
RT if you remember the time when #MalikMonday was trending every monday.
So we'll be seeing ya, every single April now, for the next 30 years or more. Congrats - it was fun to watch yesterday
I should be sleeping, but the insomnia has kicked in to full gear. Going on hour 2...
Awkwardly sitting here with noone.~
one of these days, you'll pay the iron price
no, what if they kiss?!
I ended up buying Immortals when I was at Best Buy so I won't need to borrow it from you.
guess who just bought the best song EVER!.. yah thts right, "So Listen"<3 <3
Listening to The Kooks on Burberry's Art Of The Trench...When will it be trench weather in LA?
Lol RT : Dontari Poe ate about 7 babies before tonights draft. But hey, nice hair bro.
workaholics is the funniest show i've ever seen
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Still Crazy
Headed down to D.C. for #tcamp12 - repping & - see you there, #opengov peeps. Sunlight sets up a nice un-conference.
Good morning everyone or afternoon how about good brunch time lol :))
I plan to get caught up with my #PAD tonight! I'm waaaaayyy behind.
Who wants a shout out???? Must be following me & ! tell me if you want a shout out<U+2665>
Thanks again to everyone who made #artrageous and #lincolnpark shine over the past two weeks. Can't believe it's over!
Ended 5-2 on the night after the 3 night winners: Mavs/GS Over 196.5, D'Backs, and Spurs-5.5. Congrats to those who ordered!
I want chicken wings.
today, I chose to be white because right now, my hair disagrees with the weather.
but it is frustrating when you know your team has the potential to be the best they can be but instead they bullshit around
Yeaaap Hoyas great work. Cincinnati will be tired tomorrow
Wa. I wanna stay at Chavez. If HE stays. If I find out he's leaving, I'll leave too.
Two of my followers right next to each other tweeting
Fish City Grill with my wonderful children Anna and Carter
We had a boat captain in my #pathfinder game named Jared, he had overlarge pants and told people to eat meat between bread.
Really now RT : All of Towson is in the library lol.
Awesome Lizz! Good for you... glad that part of it worked out for you. I wish you the best with everything else.
Ok guys. The real reason Paradise is pushed back is because that's the day me and Cody are getting married. Sorry.
Next week is Teacher's appreciation week. Who was/is your favorite teacher?
Jay, how was the surgery? I hope for a quick recovery time.
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
I like the one that says "Unless you're selling Thin Mints, no soliciting."
lol so do you want one or not?(:
Wow, now Bobby Brown loses his father to cancer.
Beautiful evening in Atlanta!
and did a great job tho
A cigar and a glass of wine may cure stress at least after a full week of court
Do ur homework the budget slashes taxes across the board. U also need 2 stop spinning UR Liberal crap. USA is broke $15.5Trillion
just listened to solider by lil corey
I should be going to Stratford instead of Taylor since I live like 3 minutes away from it. Taylor is 20 minutes away from my apt wtf?
heyy i havent talked to you in a while.... wats up... ilyjdb
-- getting sexy back? :-D
If the Caps lose this series, I see a lot if fans hanging up hockey. Its too heartbreaking.
I picked a great time to go yo the blood lab. All the meanies and crazies are here.
Twitter fights!
Wearing my shirt and rocking the lanyard too :)
What's everyone doing today? #?
dang girl aint talked to or seen you in a while
now if we could just get Obama to step down! I'll bet your just sick you wasted your time trying to get people to vote forhim
I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment.
u know admitting u have a problem is the first step...lool
boy don't I knoq
Ha! ...you know. RT " "Discombobulated" is a big word for people who don't know any big words."
A syllogism is an argument in which, with certain things established, something else follows necessarily because of them #Aristotle Top.I.25
Sure! Best wishes to you in the New Year. If you ever want to have future convos I'm here for you. :)
Thanks for the !
Dang y'all still up lol
NUI hits athletics, health, defense: Now, techies are implementing “natural user interface” innovations in every field — seemingly me...
We're hoping there's a QB under the tree on Christmas! Just add batteries.
I'll email you
One Stop #glamour #Shop #Salon #Barber We Have your hair covered Don't forget about #make-up and #eyebrows! # Braids flat irons $75
its freakin rude. k so bye. <--- ur not cool.
I hate roaches most of all. I hate how they crunch when you step on them. I hate how they run. How they fly. How they feel.
I like Mendenhall
...agree completely, including the necklace....
your litteraly like 4 miles away from my house right now. This picture is like a slice of home haha
Alright! Let me know :) I'm going to bed, talk to you later!
He that walk with wise men shall be wise
We want to hear your stories! Share with us your latest business success story.
back on Twitter??
Alan Kay, on one of McLuhan's "pithy statements about everything": "If I can't believe it, I can't see it."
#DontWifeThatChickIf she ask you for a pair of #redbottoms on the first date lol
¤ AH ha HA HA ha China good luck with that. I got a big laugh out of that, thanks.
Always the Skip•It.
woah! I never said i didn't like you? I thought we were buddies!? :/
Was called something like the South Loop Club. I asked for a Diet Coke, guy said "Is Diet Rite okay?" I was flummoxed.
Group me, duh.
Results back. Extensive spread. Upper & lower spine, sacrum, both femurs, sternum, adrenals, liver.
I know right, I think they're turning those into promo for annual, to be released later on?
Thanks for tweet retweet!
I miss my girlfriend so much.
I know it's kind of undemocratic (lol) to not let democrats meet each other, but in the name of national security I think we must do it.
I'm such a writer groupie
Drag that bitch there.RT RT : Islas >>>>>> <3 <3 <3 <3 > OMG I MISS HER SO MUCH! I Hope She Comes Friday
Let's just say my dad wasn't as excited to listen to my CD in the car as I was.
“ girl cause you fired my ass up . dnt play.” Lmaooo soo!!
IT'S GOIN DOWN EACH AND EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT WITH OF #MOST HATED ENT IN THE BULIDING. 2912 EVANS MILL ROAD, GA
&#9787; Get DVR Soda Can Cam Prove your Innocence
Seriously considering moving. Far, far away
Yes. His last day is in June.
The main reason I want the Bucks in the playoffs right now is how epic this comeback would be.
Ah, August in Seattle. Time for the ceremonial bitching about the low-flying
Hell's Belles is finished and off to it's first fest for a hopeful acceptance! Now to send off to more!!
I helped build the first hut-to-hut system there and led treks to the Everest Base Camp for years. Nepal is struggling now.
You ever threaten to hit my sunshine again I'll cut you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><U+2702>
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Jonas Brothers Family Josh Hutcherson Miley Cyrus One Direction Taylor Swift Glee y lo mas importantee: YOO (? arre :|
Everyone follow a homo
Having a real hard time staying focused in the new apartment. Sensory overload!
M.. Why not something people talk about a lot? Like sex or movies or something.
Lovely date night!
Whats everyone's favorite #Halloween Candy? So far Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are in the lead.
if you don't follow us I'll tell people you're straight.
forever worrying way too much over nothing
what are u talking about school in canada is free
Experiencing panera bread for the dirt time with
From now until March 31, $2 of every ticket sold to Lombardi will go towards colon cancer research.
1.i love being naked 2.not for long
now I'm thirsty....
Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid to help with our deficit? We do not have the $ to send outside the USA.
Crying just hoping he's next to me if he is dead..life isn't fair :c
It's a gloomy Monday. But I'm full of caffeine.
Heading to the new member retreat! Hope they're ready
Thanks for all the love on the existing handbag line guys! Just got new styles/colors in today so sorting through and photographing soon!
read somewhere that it's South Africa and China.
My 13 hr shift money is all going to the courts tomarrow:(
too many.
With graduations across the country, many new #jobseekers are entering the market. How's your #resume look? We have courses that can help.
Not enough ...
Nobody wants to put this LEGO Millennium Falcon together with me so I guess I'll do it myself!
Me too. I think goals are more tangible than resolutions.
I just did! And no one has ever deserved it more.
Listening to Elliott Smith today and thinking we need to cover one of his songs very soon.
thanks! She is. I just want to be home already. Today is not a good day to correct a missed connect to Boston.
I bet u could pull it off
How many times will digger get ran over today on FOX? LOL last weekend he got ran over 10 times in the first 5 minutes of the race...
What's your most favorite fashion magazine? Mine is ELLE :) (L'Officiel Homme for men's fashion)
god klarisa you are a bad influence
#dailyquestion I apologize for not being a phone person...rather would txt! =P
Richard Heasley, director of San Francisco's Conard House, will present a teleconference tomorrow sponsored by the National Association of …
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '<U+2665>'They Wanna Change That
I want these dreams of you to stop.
When My Frewds On Fb Do Dee Tbr Or Tbh They Always Say Im Anti.,!
there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as "well" as can be expected! (not very!)
So why did Dr. Hansen decide to dye Hansen's tail blue before Blue Grass Stakes? "I'm a little different" Hansen tells
RT Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it. ~Joe Clark
Working from home today .... Wearing yoga pants to work is so underrated.
Here in the southtown!!!!!
I love this pic too! The Knuck is one of my favorites.
oh okay lol
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Mon, May 14 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
#FF your mother.
Next up: Kentucky/UConn - remember, when you hear the 2 min warning, get a shot for just $2!
I like my music real loud real loud!
- Sry can't make it to #NPFace tonight - hope to make it next month, cheers!
He is acting very unfamiliar right now....st8 to vm I go again..Welp to the bar I go I suppose
you reminded me of it and it makes me happy:)
Tonight's performance of Bach's St. John Passion has been canceled due to inclement weather. Check here for more details.
I love way past forever!<33333333
im sorry:(
Well you are tweeting about her to. So take you own advice first honey.
Ah kinda getting chills listening to my boy singing some "Harder to Breathe"! Gotta love it !
Can I use my napkin yet?
holy shit, what's up? Gettin ready to get on a plane to New Orleans
GOTTA GO WATCH MY CUZO LEAVE FOR PROM TODAY.
I was also missing Ted.
AGREE! Try indoor gardening. It's just as much fun, if not more. Cheers :)
They can brew their Wedding Beer here with us!
mph winds must have been something to behold!
Thanks for the heads up Joe, we will do our best to give a help.
yes I have! Computers need a reboot once in a while. Who's to say we don't either. Hope tomorrow is better.
ying yang twins radio>>
“: you want to get fingered?? Lol” just like Freddy...
coolin at work.. watchin time fly by... bye
S/O to and good people!
Yaaay, thanks haha(: you deserve a lot more susbcribers! I hope you get 500 soon :D
“: Just finished a run with ... so hot and exhausting, but we managed to get it done! Whew!” thanks
Dear Pinterest, When you are broke we can't work or be distracted. Please get fixed! -Thanks Pink Media, LLC
If I barley have time for my boyfriend and myself what makes people think I have time for they ass
Firing up Market Samurai - simply the best, most powerful tool I've ever seen for finding profitable micro niches.
#Raven nation
Aaaahhhhhhh.... the smell of fresh-cut grass!!
New practice space achieved!
Dropbox API is amazing for web apps, but has no PHP SDK? Personally don't need it, but disappointed to see PHP excluded like this
Ima kill these dudes on fedz today for cinco de mayo... Lmfao..im sayin it in the most sarcastic way.. but I bet ppl are sayin it..
If LA plays OKC, I'll be glad to put on a Lakers foam finger.
Ha, yup. Its like a damn Home Depot in there.
Peace out library. You're depressing on such a gorgeous day.
Pretty sure, when it comes to legs, Carrie Underwood is the Tina Turner of country music.
... your images and that scene are amazing! Difficult to find words to describe that location. Thanks for the share!
“: Only 7 months to go! You stare at Chinese symbols?!” Whatever it takes to get me through til next season!
nice going to pick on up
and im leaving for johnnys
Laying here talking to
Everything is temporary.
We are one order away from 1000 orders on ! Who will be number 1000?
On our way to the Los Angeles Zoo. Never been, so looking forward to it. Gonna take lots of pictures so John can redraw and put on istock.
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
I am cleaning and vacuuming my room, the world might end...
"But godliness with contentment is great gain." 1 Timothy 6:6
How do you know what info he has to investigate with? Are you his editor? Do you have any info other than what KSR told you?
The worlds game comes to seattle and we dominated! Hell yeah!
We have a new server ready - vpn-vn6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
This year spring break just feels different ... still haven't quite gotten over the blizzards!
”The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them.” - General Colin Powell
Seeing you on tuesday is always a welcome relief you didn't give in to your suicidal thoughts on monday.
What a Perfect Day. No better way to start it than by coming to Blifferts Customer Appreciation Party. FREE LIVE MUSIC, FREE FOOD! C'mon by!
Retraction, starting today, I will celebrate for 54 days instead.
RT : Exxon/Mobil earned $18 billion in profits, paid no taxes and received a $156 million tax refund. Republican math is...
Time for morning juicing process to begin... apple, beet, ginger, spinach, lemon and carrots.
I can't believe how humid it is today! Feels 95, not 75. I do not miss Florida.
I imagine being in a new place can easily consume your time. Is it hard to find work while overseas? Do you look for local work?
It's hard to believe that I've been up for 3 hours already I feel so dead and sound like an elderly chain smoker.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!
I hear my name Repeating like a prayer Within the chambers of the early morning air
yesssirrr you already know we did it big again...miss you my dude. Get back down here so we can get that taq queso
Happy mothers day, to all the mothers out there!
Y'all grilling?
how yuh been??
All these over emotional girls that post everything bitching about how their douchebag boyfriend dumped them...
you in love wit a fat white bitch step ur game up
Love the discussions on #finecraft! Thanks 2
Shabbat Shalom Everyone !!
yes very sad...but many as you say would prob.be nice as well, but ...you don't want to deal w/ other if sick sometimes.
NO! you cant do your hair flip anymore </3 im sad.
Made a paper airplane today. Thank you training week.
U.S. #NationalGrid Training in NYC with instructors from Delta State Univ.
Lol...When you coming to fuck wit me?
We are alive and ready to enjoy #SheHeChat!
In the office at FLF. Just had my first staff meeting.
I'm coining a new word-- fauxclusivity: ritualized velvet-roping simply to suggest that a product/service is special; see Pinterest.
YAY!!! Can't wait to have a big old piece! I know it's gonna be delish!!!
New season of "Storm Chasers" starts this Sunday!!! I'm so excited! I can't wait!!!
Our CEO just spoke at #girlscouts100 in favor of "Council Service Fee" proposal! Go, Ruth!
welcome. Glad you made it in!
you jump,i jump...remember
thanks for sharing it is just what I needed
Christian single "Somebody Greater" Mp3 going out to radio in 2 weeks!!!!
elbow 2plus hours of hell
If you have access to Kirtland AFB, come join us tomorrow from 10a-3p at the Mountain View Club for a JOB FAIR!
QoTD: "The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm". (Fred Dehner)
Would you trust your soul with a man or a "god" would couldn't save themselves?? Me either! That's why I trust in Jesus! He got up again!
Caught up the last two weeks of #Grimm. Still enjoying it very much. More backstory helping it too.
Observing the proportional gender imbalance at the tech related presentations
Thats better :) cu soon! RT : haha I forgot you had a twitter!!
Happy Halloween!!!
LOL at how many people I've cut out of my life. I do it like its nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Buildings swaying, trains are all running late....be safe everyone & get home!
“The great Emperour of Ethiopia hath bin outed... and the grand Turk hath bin strangled” - James Howell, A Winter Dreame, 1649.
If you really tell hundreds of people, we will come there soon! You're amazing :)
Nov 27th - Old Fashioned #Christmas celebration - Parade 12:30PM followed by activities and Santa - 5:30PM tree lighting at City Hall.
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x10
From what? ):
Camping Lets You Experience What It’s Like Being Homeless Without Having Personal Commitment To The Lifestyle…
Baby I'm ready to fall, but what about you??
Some Kinda Hate.
": Thrilled to hear that 90210 will be returning to the CW for season 5. Congrats, everybody!" oh Shit!!!!!
Thanks!! We tip our hats to & !
what's up ?
that's what you get for talking shit on Mike Aviles
hey that's on my todo list as well ;)
The folks ( in particular) stocked our fridge with like 12 varietal microbrews. To future clients: the bar has been set.
Ha! That is pretty crazy. "They" certainly have some interesting marketing tactics..
...how u been bro...we gotta catch up man !! i know you doin big things !
S/O to he be rockin with us
being healthy is what matters most twitter can always wait..
Just went to Sonic and I'm so effing drunk right now that I can't even keep ice in my mouth! Hilarious to everyone BUT me!
Spoiler: I'm pretty sure he's against it
#DASER Comfort "The lack of elegance in certain species is used as proof of evolution. Nature doesn't always use the smartest solution."
good stuff.
«Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.» – Oscar Wilde
You're not alone Tom.
Here's another random thought: If you want your children to listen to you, try talking softly to someone else, works every time:)
My dad told me UPS and DHL were hiring warehouse positions in NKY but I can't seem to find anything about it. Anyone know anything?
thanks for the mentions! cheers
I bet Skittles profits are through the roof
Thanks for the follow and congrats on the Conan show!
Your team is awesome. Thank you for all you guys are doing for
I only insult those who I love.
I'm glad that Lambeau is still rocking Jock Jams after all these years.
COME GET YOUR PATRIOTIC JUNK PIERCINGS!
(c) watch you fucking slowly die omg you wanna fucking hurt and animal I will hunt you down you fucker cut your fucking fingers off (c)
Going on an international trip? Need $? TODAY is the last day to apply for International Grants! DUE tonight
Everyone is entitled to their opinion Jay but everyone also knows that UK is 1 of the top 5 teams. Acknowledge it Knight
We'll be each other freaks :)
especially with me being a foodie & constantly seeking non-chain restaurants, I'd say that the algorithm failed
well, im about to chill..... made enough moves for today.
yes and some of us just stay there!
Great weekend at Too Broke for Stugris,
Loving you forever, can't be wrong Even though you're not here, won't move on
Always trying to find a way to get a dime for a nickel
wheres that vid u said u were gonna post? :)
if this is rob I'm in love. Thanx for the follow!
hey ;) I've been doing 9-5 work at Edibles, it's a nice change. I posted your M-Day cupcakes, my mom loved em
Nah, working and then moving in all weekend.
we are called to patient endurance
I have good news there are already admissions-first early adopters. I will be presenting on this very topic at eduSummit.
": "Unanswered" will always be my favorite Suicide Silence song." One of the best SS songs! RT
LOL I just realized it's Friday
please follow me ur an insperation I have to say more so ill make another tweet
20 this week !
Given your high cheek bones, I'm surprised you're not tweeting in Apache.
thanx for following me... if you want to you can follow my husband!!
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend, Nick!!!!<3
that's illegal.
Hitting the restart button here. Get onboard and help us offer greater opportunities to girls and women to play high-level soccer.
Dexter Pittman is trending, someone take a screenshot of it for him. Might be his biggest accomplishment ever.
Baby in the office, baby in the office
Your shoes are oddly fascinating. Flats first, heels top out at platforms in late 20s, & gradually down to flats again.
Congrats! I had to get involved in ending the reign of legal ignorance over craft beer.What's brewing? Please drop me a line.
congads bill the brewers superfans always behind ya. Good luck
#iPhone4S or #NexusS ? I need help deciding! :S
remember tonight exactly a year ago! Fucking
Morning run in Vegas = awesome. I might not like the people here but the building facades are grand to run through.
nothing what you been on?
· just signed your petition!
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
omg im so sorry
Woot Woot Has joined the Family! He even found us on FB! Have u? There are a ton of great videos!
Havent been on twitter all day
This is from an iPhone
POLL: what do you think of our new slogan?: "Copy.com: we've saved more asses than a donkey rescue farm."
I really like your pants.!
is hot.
nah. i run shutup.css on most sites so i dont see comments.
Sad face indeed. I, too, have 4 finals and a papel!
I sure hope we don't play this lazy ass type of game all series
My throat is so swollen :(
LADIES FREE $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED & KITCHEN OPEN 21 + YOUR SAFETY IS OUR
how you feel?
No longer single.!<3(;
just let me know im also a good singer
All the shit goin down in the world and I'm thinking about my golf swing. That either makes me very zen, or a douche
I love creating website & graphic stuff. Anything creative keeps me happy. Just need 55 hours in day it seems lately lol
You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me. I'm smiling and crying, apologizing.
This Moscow traffic jam is so bad, people are getting out of their cars singing "Everybody Hurts" in Russian.
wht school you go to lol ?
makes sense in a must move time
you bet we will! We're opening with C'mon DJ!
uhh YES. Miss you so much!!
Chocolate ice cream looks like poop
Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking. — Chris Pullman
Who else is going to the Montgomery Street Fair today?
Listen more, talk less
Good day peeps! #DTHR Jumping on late!
lol @ Stay-At-Home-Spouse I knew u would be working from home before 30.
your uniform! Bitch
I can walk, but I will crawl there.
Dude, why is Nike making shoes that look like snake skin ?!?! aaaahhhhh creeps me out!
LOL of course I'm happy!!!! And thats the problem, I can't go to sleep!
that's what I thought
Teaching over for the year; summer writing already underway. Reread of book begins tomorrow, 5 a.m. to target problem areas
Dreams are just like wine, and I am drunk with mine.
I just don't get morning #traffic!! Why people??
#20thingsaboutme 1.I'm full Mexican but I'm supa white (:
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.-Churchhill
nice photo ;-) perfect day.
WOW over 110 retweets for today's #SOTW. We're feeling the holiday love! Ok, first $25 winner is.... - congrats!
#mets vs. philly excites me way more than this royal wedding crap
okay cool <U+270C>
What is this?! A center for ants?!
I'm writing a paper on the Shit People Say vids and just saw Shit White Girls Say to Arab Girls. SO GOOD.
Sometimes (like now) I wish I had the skill of inception.
Geometry is so easy!
"If it wasn't for you i would never be who i am" This lyric means so much to me, honestly.
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Local visibility...
how close was Peyton in becoming the Packers coach? Thank God!!!
WHATS THE WORD BRO IM OUTCHEA!!!
Day #1 of our 1st camp of the summer (out of 145) in the books. Felt great being on the court
Take a shot 4 me
Hope everyone is getting ready for classes, and what better way than to join us for an afternoon of Chinese coffee and treats! 8/17 @ 3:00
look on MARC scheds, generally only board passengers N of Baltimore though
Good grief, if Walker applied the same math skills at Marquette as he did on WI's job numbers, how did he ever graduate college?
#outnumbered is hilarious! "The romantic poets were a bunch of emos"
What a good day:)
tuesday morning i was bit by a (large) dog on my forearm. why do my shoulder muscles hurt so much, too?! ugh.
"Like" this post if you are sore from Monday's workout. OUCH!
Hilarious! I have some bad ones myself. If I find one, I'll post it. I have no problem humiliating myself if it gets a laugh!
In the sense of academics doing at least some of their work in public, rather than ceding the whole narrative about what we do +
awesome!! They won that game the day before my 21st birthday SO you know I was one happy girl!!! Lol ;)
FINAL #Mem 90 #Clippers 88 & #Clips are headed to #Memphis TIP OFF 10 am (PST) on #ABC-TV. #GoCLIPPERS!!!
Thanks again to all our visitors! Don't forget the tent special is a limited time offer - DM us if you need a form!
IM SO EXCITED TO SEE MY BBYS ON ABDC AGAIN. <333 (:
hey chris it's 's brother how's it goin?
Thanks for the add Aaron! I'm hoping for a & re-match this year!
Cool shot, Tom.
Just heard the pitch for , a corporate collaborative blogging tool, & thought it'd have great potential for governments.
I'm dizzy
#RUTHLESS RT #suckstosuck when your having sex with "your boy" an hes thinking about me
Prepping for #IronFork see you tonight!
If someone doesn't open the door for you, cut a hole in the window... Embark on a relentless pursuit of purpose today!
- you need a wasp exorcist....or a REALLY big can of Raid.
Been watching videos and just listening to songs of my favorite bands today. It's getting really hot in my room. O.o
Nobody laughed besides me so thts good aha
CM Spelman up first. Commends staff on work.
still wanna get a guest vocal spot on my next album with you, recording this summer. Interested?
Just shows the intellect of peeps down here
*~stayed home from school 2day didnt feel like gettin up so mi mama let meh stay home...(=~*
But what about the December #jmoms? D: SPACE tour is more worth it then...
Just got a ticket....lovin life....
Chillin but focused.
let biznasty play!!!!!
at the new office = the best Friday!
Just when I thought she was the one. Guess I will be team single forever
Red Tag Sale COMING SOON! Stay Tuned :)
wow, this is awesome.. i shared it with my friends also.. thanks!
Pierre Mcguire creepin it up
Drinking a full-sugar cherry Coke after a tough day. It may be the best thing I've ever tasted.
Guess you've never served on jury duty downtown.
": is it possible to be doin to much and not enuff?.." yes, inefficiency...busyness doesnt always mean u handle business
If you get roundhouse kicked in the face by #ChuckNorris in your dream, you DIE!
#weloveallisimpson shes the best Role Model anybody could ever have :) I Love You Alli
RT ": I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply."
Be on the look out for future law talks like #sociallaw at Hawaii's Innovation Hub for learning and growth !
living in the city of hate/love awkward encounters and low tact highways of fire
Obama dines at Graham Elliot, sure to generate business for the bistronomic restaurant
nice little bit on sportscenter haha
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule #62.2 Raise Requirement
"it's my body, I do what I want!"
Diana Ross looks kinda like Oprah.
You're taught to be still and let Him work, yet your desire to be in control of it all makes you restless.
: Thank ya! Glad to find someone happy to meet me haha
What I don't love about megabus: the awkward smells and the mother/daughter duo in front of me screaming, I mean talking, about sex.
wonderful blog...the innocence of a child is something I wish we could capture and put in a jar
whoa free pizza??? yes!
NP!! Let me know how it goes. #olderandwiser OUT
If a bag of skittles looks like a pistol, then my drum sticks must look like rocket launchers.
I had to ask a grown woman not to change her baby on the restaurant table. #areyouserious?
RT Just wanna let my sis know I love and miss her dearly. That is all. *hug*
Baby Bash is full... No more entries::((( Sorry
nothing better<<<<<
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
2011.06.22 | At game at Friday's / Hopes were high with Shaun Marcum / but better than work.
omg cha!u look very very good!!love ur jacket goes very well with ur hair..& ur slimming down girl..gud but not too much k.
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;)
TONIGHT - UV Friday & NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier & Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
Shut Up...LbVVVs
my rocks are sexy. Tell jo mom I said hi ;)
God fucking damn, can someone get this bitch a shot or a refill?!
I am in our garden hotel next to Rachel McAdams.. She is really really pretty in person too peeps.. I am now a weird stalker..lol
the world doesn't need anymore Beatles cover bands.
#nowplaying 2pac - All Eyez On Me. I've been listening to his music all day. Never gets old.
The homie from Red Bull just stopped by the office to talk shop. Good to catch up! See you tmrw night at yo!
RT #GIS2012 is awesome in Miami! Great meetings with great people.
who do I complain to in order to have my email corrected for Equator? Pls dont give me the 866.903.1053. No help there.
Today we're filming from Seattle Science Foundation an amazing facility at our Cherry Hill campus dedicated to medical training.
Or Dead Guy Ale would have been sufficient, I suppose. Guess I dropped the ball on the apropos pairing part of the equation.
Ahh congrats! Are you excited?
“: I so much prefer holding a print of my photos rather than looking at them on a screen.” agreed
Silver Stars are 4-0 for first time in franchise history after beating Phoenix Mercury 101-99.
Today in Literary History: On March 13, 1941 Elizabeth Madox Roberts (Kentucky novelist and poet who wrote UNDER THE TREE) died in Florida.
Trying my best;-)
Aptar Pharma celebrates asthma day with a twister™ of innovation - Packaging Europe
Sunday Funday! Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
Follow me so I can DM you.
Took a "me" day. Mani, pedi, movie, took a bath. Time to celebrate life. Cheers!
just catching up on your feed, so happy that you've met a nice guy! This is beautiful!!
smoking tea? Like in a pipe?
Shame on AP Political leaders.. who don't have minimum concern about children's safety in SCHOOLS...
they're yours! Just DM your email and I'll send them to you.
Can I just say that "3 days" seriously turns me on I <3 u guys!
lol Right? super lame, stupid finals! Nope, I'm graduating on the 19th so no summer classes for me..thank god haha..how about u?
welcome to dc!
I don't regret the past, I'm just ready for my future...
hahahah seriously, every day. all day.
me dos !
All about the Twitter background of it's sleek, chic and neat.
I got my tickets..!! Goin to see Chris Brown.. In September
hey thanks for stopping at ! and enjoy the book..
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event indy bring inspiratn hope financial support families affected cancer
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAMERON!! HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY!
only the best for Mr. Peeps.
Obviously I'm jealous!
i see ya background doe..
devon!!! miss you, and since when are you too cool to say hi to me at track!?
LOL. See what she started? *shakes head sadly*
I'll be on the show Body of Proof tonight. On ABC @ 10pm pacific
at supportseattle at uber dot com! :)
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
what do you plan on doing with your life?
I am sad that Desperate Housewives has ended! This was my mom's and mine's favorite show!!!
I'm making plans for a downsized Thanksgiving this year. No Turkey, just a Stuffed Chicken. Anyone else trimming their holiday plans?
I asked my boyfriend if he already knows what he's going to be for Halloween. He replied: "Single."
did you receive my direct message via twitter?
People that ride golf carts in airports, do the moving sidewalks just require too much energy for you?
So during the practice lockdown at my school I "got shot in the head" by my principal. I died. Isn't that nice to know. -_-
1 more week then pumpkin hollow it is. With my best friend and someone speciall! <33
honestly, names aren't as important as the approaches anyway=)
Morningwood is the worst thing when you're trying to get dressed in a hurry.
very butch
Rainy night finna be in for the night workin on this new song
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanks for showing your support at the Taste of Uptown we appreciate all your support
kill it at #sxsw #warnersound show. Are you signed to Warner now or just on the line up?
- you need to turn off your protected updates - the followers you pick up are interesting
#SPJ passes resolution discouraging use of term "illegal alien" and further discussion of term "illegal immigrant"
South American soccer players in the EPL = Borat in the Deep South
Thanks! I'm only running from my past.
sometimes our DVR records shows we've never watched ever (e.g. Teen Mom marathon)
In a matter of a couple of seconds you can scan your doc, import into TimeMatters, and save to your hardrive.
thanks for following...now let's talk.
Shout out to the Baby Boy <3 ya Boo ! ;P
Hey girl
iknew abou tone direction &followed them the day iwas trying to find one republic on twitter ! LOL ,BUT ILOVED THEM SINCE THENN<U+2665>
Kill Em With Kindness.
Awk moment when i forget how to.swallow my.spit
A Good one!
y'all should head over to Second Fiddle tonight, by far best band on broadway I think you'll love them!!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
Thanks Ellen!! Great to meet you!
": lol, sorry I don't speak nigger. #dumbbitch" see racism still alive
i didnt go,,, i cane home and my mom when off for no reason
"i do what i do and you do what you can about it"
New Jersey Autistic Boy Records Teachers' Alleged Abuse - ABC News
Good lord, an entire family walked in wearing Ed Hardy. Not sure how to respond.
sorta see right now is The Five Year Engagement. Well, Sleepless Night opens this Friday. Definitely want to see that.
Verbs-such a great way to think about the importance of what happens in libraries.
Shacking up with F. Scott Fitzgerald for the rest of spring break. Almost as sexy as it sounds.
Let's go #Lakers. let's make it 6 in a row!
hate you.
Thanks for the love!
Direct and Interactive Marketing
I miss you!
1pm RT : Tune into local lunchbox today and pledge for a chance to win Jaill albums + guest spots to the Release Party
Flushing the toilet! :D
The rain has started !
:D How long in hour and minutes it's austream?
He's going to talk them into giving up their domestic and landscaping staffs.
I feel SO out of touch
An evening of Bob Dylan! 3 nights only! Very limited seating! Get tickets now!
i love seeing " follows you" :D
Lol ok. I think this highlights precisely why it's difficult to have progress...
last round of ideas for show due tomorrow for this season. What have you always wanted to see on the show?
Hey Girl! I see we both modeled for WSI womens/ HeatR wear! Small World! Hope you are doing well :)
I'm so happy right now.
it always works out!
- As most (if not all) craft brewers are... Gotta' love the people in this industry. Incredibly passionate & humble.
lol! You're great DR!
I hate when people judge cause of the high school you went to or go to.
I basically slept for 2 hours because it was too hot to do anything
Ask better questions of your target audience says
shut up an take this dick lol
I confess that I'm quite a news junkie, but those questions seemed easy for anyone who pays any attention at all.
The Down and Over Pub is up at Licenses Committee...could b an interesting one
I'd be happy to put together a proposal (or make the calls) if there's enough interest.
Welcome back, Josh Brown!
About to work out.. I want a hot body for warped. c:
~ I will never b able to watch a fancy feast comericial again with out lmao thinking about this tweet
I want to be the best I can. I want to be the best in who I am. And I'm gonna strive to be that no matter what.
#CivilWar Camps under Hooker "Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL, AMAZON/KINDLE $2.99
Adam Sandler & Andy Samberg pure genius #420 "That's my boy" gonna be comedy gold @ the box office $$ Lorne's comedy Jewish sons
No worries, let me know if there's a visit that's not so busy and we can catch-up.
Cp3 rips everyone I swear
Howdy, work partner! Hope you're enjoying your Friday!
Tweet Tweet
#pupuplatter wasn't as good as I remembered it 25 years ago
alright then i will just do that
Carrie Underwood's "Before He Cheats" karaoke style>>>>>
Facebook & Tumblr i need to use you both more often : /
PickUpLine: I am a magical being, take off your bra
rumor has it bass & drums are done for our new album, gettin' it done son...
Hey, thanks for the shout out.
#subwayfitchat Monica, thanks again !!! :)
Hey, remember Britney in Fahrenheit 9/11 saying we should trust G. W. Bush? ;)
CONGRATS to Crystal Bell on being named ASun Defensive Player of the Year!! #fearthefin Time to do work in Macon!
Obvious to me and has to be to you has no control over the BelindaJackson situation why am I
I will most def be in the building tomorrow night!
as long as Indiana keeps running Hibbert at Bosh, Ru Paul will struggle
I never go down town because of that reason
If any of you will be in the Panama City Beach area on Thursday May 10th, stop by Pineapple Willy's around 6:30 to enjoy some music!
DM me your number and I will text you.
I just made 's Chocolate Spice Bread from The Sweet Life in Paris. We couldn't wait the 24 hrs we were supposed to. Still yum!
BiPolarMoment: Just entered into mutual suicide pact with my cereal bowl.
Does faster, better or cheaper matter most to customers?
I am here!
Strangely calming watching with no commentary
That is the right answer! (Good grrrrrr.)
<--- 2 year anniversary today!
I loved you then and I love you still. I forever do and I forever will..
wondering where my cousin been all my life ?????
Nice! We are lucky to have about 10 courses in Austin. It is a great free way to spend some time outside.
Actually I'm only doing stuff for people who I feel apreciate everything I do.
I wish that Hooters would give me their recipe for cooking/frying slices of sour pickles.
: Starting today!!!! Not going out like this!!!!!
Im not with them im by tha mall i think they over shun house still
- Come on in to Madison. We would love to see you.
WOW this weekend was not good for my health at all
a snitch niggaaaaa that's dat shit I don't like
good lord no way. but she is a survivor. miss you.
"Money can buy everything but meaning." #socap11 is proving this is no longer true. Happy/grateful to be alive at this time...
I can't stand guys who wear camo.
I really fucking hate texting.
Today felt lik a regular day for me lik I worked I'm tired an I'm onna bus on my way back home
Centrum Gala Dinner and Auction will take place Saturday Oct 16- at Fort Worden Commons. Contact- . www.centrum.org
Hi Zaud, have you checked out the iPad app yet? Updated version coming soon.
Much love to all the Vancouver niggas out there fuckin shit up. Hold it down my niggas
Tomorrow. Two very different shows! He Is We at Rocketown and Adelitas Way at Exit/in! Pick your poison.
you are welcome. Your thoughts about #SoMe made me think about how we can truly use this information to move #meded and careers!
Trying to figure out what I want to do for our 18th wedding anniversary this year. I'm thinking Jamaica or Cozumel or Cayman Islands!
no problem you were good for your first time
we can't win wit D wade only havin 5 pts. smh
No, Shannon, actually I was able to discern between yours & Wes's statements. Now, I'm asking you both to elaborate.
Waiting for the boss is better than the boss waiting for you.
Think your show is a awesome hit with everyone, your ratings will Plummet Downward 1000,000% if Casey Movie is made, you think?
I'm done making fun of Gingrich. I just told my 4 yr old son Sammy we were gonna colonize the moon and he though it was an awesome idea.
RT : Children in adult prisons are 8 times more likely to commit suicide. #JLWOP is cruel!
Not sure you got my email, so a hearty Congratulations on the promotion. "Mile"-Highly deserved! J-) Merry Christmas.
Seems logical to send what I'll be using on G+: johnlaudun AT gmail dot you know.
I personally loved SW3 but at the same time thought it was stupid to put it on Wii. Why was it not universal platform at least?
"It was like 2012!" -my mom, describing our morning commute to the airport.
#ff you are a Prince among Men sir
swear your fealty to King James
Believing in that bullshit ... " if u love someone let them go if they come back it was meant to be " if u loved the person y u wnna leave!
#2011in3words Swag Me Out.
Just watch out for my chair, cause that sumbitch will kill ya if ya lean back wrong.
You too Melanie! Drive safely and see you in DC.
Lebron "King Decoy" James
RT Ugh! My laptop died even though it said it still had like 40% battery left! I've missed so much of this show!!!
So did you decide about the cat gift?
OMG. those are some awesome photos of him.
best chapstick ever. Target or ulta but ulta has better flava options.
i see you did a skit with Kevin Hart on his neww movie. I recognize that ass anywhere.
we got a boy and a girl <3
Megan get MOTIVATED!
Who me ?
* stranger danger ! .
BANGARANG MOTHERFUCKER!! Thanks to for joining the party!!!!
I think I have a test today.... Idk if its cambridge or ap
yup. Faculty get more leeway, but anything social networking or video related is generally blocked. Kids still get around it though
Annual Easter egg hunt was a success thanks to the community, Garrett hts, and freedom church. It was a blast.
#NYK is this real life?
Feeling a little geeked out that someone whose controversial research I used to cite in college just sent me a Linked in request.
confession: i still have it.
Thank you! We're having fun doing it! Hope to see you checking in soon or visting Emerald Lounge!
funny...stay out my bi.
Any fun weekend plans, Ayla fans?
I've been things and seen places.
Applying for jobs is exhausting - four job apps later and I still feel like I did nothing but sit on the internet all day.
Sweet Jesus, I finally killed the pace alarm on my Garmin. Hated that infernal beeping!
great cnt complain at all
Whose making art with a social activist bent in Berlin? Looking for galleries, museums, and artists.
cousin mahone just followed me ^.^ <3
choc what do you think Jack Rousch thinks about the Penske deal
have a safe and fun trip!
your ipad app is fucking wonderful - thank you.
meaning in Pitt? I see u have ur location on.
RT : It was a record! Twins 9 hits: lowest total for any team in a four-game stretch in modern MLB history > Sorry, Twins fans?
Bonnie is everywhere. Bands always tweet her back. Literally. HI BONNIE!
school school school. -____-
You can follow us on Facebook, too! Search for Small Business Development Center at Eastern Kentucky University. Become a fan!
Everyone gets to the point where they just stop caring sometimes
RT : Felt the heat MT : Spirit Airlines grows a heart - or felt the heat // U R Rite as usual, Scott!
take out Tuesday's ;)) - yezzah - lunch today Shlitz Park w
Im in a tiny chat mod :)
these are the Succos we all know...
work friday -_- i wanted to go to lineup, my job corny for that !
346 direct messages in two weeks. You got to be kidding me. Twitter is overrun by spam.
such a good movie, <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I know..He's lost a lot of followers. He should do something. But he just tweets quotes..:/
Damn my arms are getting bigger and stronger
I done had my share with it.
Im done being double crossed and betrayed by these so called "friends"! I hate you so much no words can describe right now.
Caroline is not just talking about autism. She talking about respecting and valuing all people.
Just sent my MC's the tracks from my next release that they are going to be featured on. Expect to hear it soon!!!
If you let me, here's what I'll do - I'll take care of you<U+2764>
So every bar in town has a Tecate special, but does their special come in a long neck? Ours do! All day long
I don't think anyone could ever blow my high. I always can find the fun when I'm high.
I like the data, I just don't think your cracking a case saying that speed correlates to 40. Of course it is, just not only factor
look forward to hearing about this one...
I don't understand when a fire alarm goes off in a building...get out. These people just sit there.
The Great Gatsby is a bad ass book!!
Who knows a good place to buy quality vanilla beans in Northern Virginia?
Watching the rest of Up completed my day
So glad my bff Scott could come over, we had to have a serious temple run discussion.
I need to bring you your gifts
It should be an automatic win tonight for the Angels...that should be that rule if the home team has bad weather. =)
but they're not 40 miles apart either. It's different I guess
pizza with green peppers can make a crappy day a bit better, i think
Thank you all<3 I cant believe that I have so many followers ;) my next goal is 2000 till my BDay (06/30) ;**
New glee is on tonight can't wait
Happy Easter. Getting ready then off to Easter service at my favorite place!!! :)
Sad epiosde of the walking dead. #shocked :(
Mr Gibson calls that "sleep karate." FWIW, it stopped when I went off Zoloft. #WTF?
My 4 yr old son gave me a hand made card for Father
golf party at applebee's <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26F3>
I miss my mom. She's nuts but that's where I got it from, lol. Hopefully see her this summer!
NM really actually and you ?
Ive lost my chance.
Aaron you better not blow this for me!
So it looks like I'll be joining the engineering team over at in a few weeks!
yayyyyyyyyy lets get it!!! Lol hahahah that's why I love u sis.
Ddamn. That is some serious company you've put us in. Thanks fellas!
wass good bitch leave Jenna alone
Just got word u're going 2 get an exclusive look at the prototype of the BTWF bus. Stay tuned, pictures to come on Wednesday.
CATS! No doubt. Title No.8. Haters - shhhhhhhh. It's Title Night. Yeah yeah yeah.
Just woke up and saw the lakers had lost! hahahahah!
RT : Bout to eat this steak.. Since its the only Meat I'm getting in my life ..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lmfao- lol clown
the people who followed me they got swag and the people who didnt 2 u know and i dont want 2 leave out people
Live-tweeting, obvi. RT excited for the debate tonight?? Any good drinking game key words?? Obamacare lol
Absolutely! I was there--I remember.
Erica did, & course work went quickly but dissertation has taken a while - but that's life, kid, work, move, etc.
you got this! I realized this morning that I totally hijacked your paper last night. Sorry! I do that sometimes. Lol
Just a reminder: change is hard--really, really hard.
Props to Megan for telling Don the truth.
i would like to request "Feelin Fine" by
#uCantBeToughAndSay my favorite movie is the notebook
not being able to walk is some real shit
Of course! Flowers, chocolates & breakfast in bed!! Hope u have a great Mother's day too :)
Dear , is that you with the handlebar mustache in the Heineken bare knuckle boxing commercial? :-)
I'm a big fan because he gets an undeserved hard time from Reds fans, and that's a weak reason for me being a fan??? Okay....
just dance 2, with my boy. <3
I'm going to miss that big chubby face crouched in the corner of the court next season.
just scheduled my master's defense omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgfreakout
I'm experiencing terrible AT&T data. SMS is really flakey.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)7
The Boots worn by Victoria Beckham in my last tweet was designed by Antonio Berardi. "GET YO LIFE BEFORE HE TAKES YOUR "SOLE"
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. ~Abraham Lincoln
This stone crab got me sprung!
hit up Trey Songz. U and Trey= Hit!!!
If that's yo hoe, that's my hoe too!!
its ok
Like a boss
Or if they went to class all this past week.
#nowplaying REMIX on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and
At Martha's Soul Food Bistro for the grown 'n sexy. Where are you tonight?
The Lord says, "I will NEVER learve you nor forsake you!" Hebrews 13:5
y can't you just take the compliment and retweet it
Hell yeah! Lmaooo ": Why have a weather channel when I have twitter??"
who says I want the current system?
I want a jean vest!.
I need to clarify -- I don't mean standing up for the unpopular idea BECAUSE it's unpopular. Not a rebel for rebel's sake. That's silly.
they didnt think they had enough singers to maintain an a cappella group, so they added instruments and became a band
why would I not trust you?
I live my life eryday trying to prove things to myself...if you have to impress others they shldnt b in ya circle, or u needa quit bein lame
Chicago is on point tonight! Corey Wilkes live at the Trinity Episcopal Church! Wallace Roney live at the Jazz Showcase!!!!
so much homework:(
#adult pinata... This could get #dangerous !
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.
We're gonna need a bigger boat.
Boehner must be retarded, Holding Debt ceiling hostage made him look like a fool last year. Here he goes again ;)
that was pretty good. That girl loves the Pack.
Another beautiful Sunday, another beautiful game of basketball..great workout! I love this game
Oh man, it's a long walk to the space needle from
Come on #DallasCowboys need a great halftime motivational speech!
I finished 'The Walking Dead' season 1 rental on blu-ray. Hopefully soon will have season 2 as well. Awesome show!
cajuns don't eat at bistros
I'm gone beyond repair
#SYTYCD is all the better with on the panel. Just watched Wed's episode. "GardenGnome to GardenGnome killed me!
RT": I always say I'm going to sleep but then I end up listening to music for hours lol #ilovecountrymusic" Addicted..me too!
Park Ridge Community Calendar for the week of May 10, 2012
apparently! Now I'm left all alone by myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Prayerless people are carnal people. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
put the pic of you and alex as your profile pic
SO FUCKING BORING who wants to burn?
Great tip! Now I need to learn the "how" :-)
Sick of receiving bad news after bad news especially now! This is supposed to be #Thanksgiving wknd? Ughh 1 of those times when you say FML.
“: just heard you and on kiss. That is awesome. Song was sick. Keep doing your thing guys.” much love!!!
Allied home loans commercial today.
gotta wonder if there's a woman out there who's hoping to find a man who can cook good exotic foods. Just sayin'. :-)
Thanks for the shout out Jon!
A_Burkey Miss Burkey where you at?
Once the chain is broken, none of the links are safe.
Amazing night with :)
Now I have to wait for a "shuttle"?? Might as well be the Seetah! (CTA) lmao
happy thirteenth shorty. Less than 24hrs after I met you I told my mother ''I found the girl I'm going to marry.'' Here we are still at it.
on that hush mode right now hahahah
and pathetic perimeter defense gives Philly back the lead. Crap.
yes, without a question! Let's pick a date!
Big Fish On! Jethro Baits products Snug-itz & Stop-itz will soon be available at Roland Martin's Marine Center Clewiston Fl.
UBC Military Appreciation Day is Sunday, August 28! Active, retired, reserve military and dependents receive free admission.
We have so much going on. But we are glad to be busy
could have said it better!
I have a bowl of oats every day, try letting apples sit in pineapple juice 4 a day & cut them up in your bowl! Extra sweet!
is it this Friday? If so, I'd be in.
You're getting a puppy?!? What kind?
Im going to surprise my kids with a trip (maybe to Fla), the day that they get out of school in June. Shhhhh...
ANOTHER EXCLUSIVE LEAK BY YOUNG BRAVO OFF HIS LATEST ALBUM "TOPIC OF DISCUSSION" LOOKING FOR THE BOOTH FT YOUNG QUAN BEAT BY...
remember how we were supposed to get a drink together..............hm
SEND ME A PICTURE!
my friend just asked me what date Christmas Day was on... #dumbthingspeoplesay ;)
The Road sits comfortably in my top 10, where it's been for the past 3 years. Not to say it's a comfy book to read.
Went on long, paranoid rant about how staff are robots, mentioned time-traveling Chester A. Arthur - 5 stars
Anyone knows how to make a pretty compliment in Spanish?
Goodnight everyone! Stay safe. :)
That's my pleasahh *John Witherspoon voice*
No never!
“: Defeats Kelly Kelly to become the new Diva's Champion #HIAC”about time.
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
is opening for Chiddy Bang this week! Follow him.
Stay golden PONYBOY!:D
I was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all I could think was "watch for crazy bus people".
How would YOU wear these Crush Ladies’ Bands…? Stacked in white, yellow & rose gold….Or paired w/ your Crush diamond engagement ring?
Thank you to all of our new followers. We would love to follow you back. Just tweet us so we can!
Senate passed HB174... now will the House do the right thing and do the same?
it's her fault
If their temples are any indication, I don't want to know what the Mason's secrets are.
#WrestleMania Seriously I just want to push the rock in a hole and leave him there :(
twitter .. i love youu
...I know, right! Thanks.
Social media packages for independent artist F.A.M.E inc will get the real followers you need no fake numbers
I'm not seeing what the issue is. We decided u should come out. Therefore.....
RT : CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
Not much! Just fill out the application on our page and submit it :)
Pro--upgraded to 1st class. Con--so was the crying baby. Luckily, the baby fell asleep. Hope I can wind down & do the same.
Its a beautiful Denver!! What are your plans for today...
Congratulations to our March "GERMS of the Month"...Sophie Clark and Nathalie Lawyer. Thank you for all you do!
Over the game my knicks r gonna win blahblahblah.....watching my best friends wedding one of my faves! Love me some cameron diaz meow!
Cannot WAIT to tear up NOLA this weekend with my boo !!!
If you want an editor to pick up on your story. Research their twitter and see which editor's lifestyle relates to your story
Might I suggest the brand WorkCustom? You can buy their cargo skinnies on Amazon.
GOP is stubborn, and worried about their own wallet. They don't care about us, the American people. Your stupid if u cant see that
Wow, just shot my 1,000th photo with Seems crazy.
D-fence!!! Is the name of the Game
Living in the NOW but particularly glad the now is Friday!
that's awesome!
5am? Sleep? What's that?
#usopen great matches today!
Thank God all they took was his material possessions and didn't harm Pastor Winans.
if you're thinking about #emailmarketing you should be thinking about me
Ohh my gosh, I'm tired. Trying not to fall asleep in class right now.
It's so hard to get motivated to go back to work after lunch
Attending the Colts Luncheon with , Indiana Blue Star Salute, The Excel Center and AAR Corp
Going to watch mol ball
why don't we go straight to the death penalty?
Will you ever follow me? <3 x4
the other day i was bored and i was gonna call felipe to come thru so i can whoop him at ping pong.. and then i remembered ;(
Goal! Blackhawks win in OT, good game.
; my bad i'm just now seeing this & no i'm not
I can see my desk again! The new year can officially start now.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches... - Rilke
To curb over population issues, we should just shoot everyone that orders from Starbucks while on their phone.
I'm serious as well!!
I remember those. As I remember they weren't that tasty neither.
tell me you played them Pet Sounds in its entirety.
Hey so my birthdays In 4 days & I'm hoping I get noticed by you(:
Huge props to for remembering the phone charger. Plugging in now Hope I don't blow the fuse for the beer caddy!
Happy Friday the 13th
Ed and Taylor... Interesting. Curious as to how a collab between the two would sound like.
Saw 's performance on 2 things: 1) Wrecking Ball is a damn good song. 2) Need to see the band in concert soon.
thought chocolate milk came from chocolate cows when she was younger:) and same for strawberry! But not regular :P
here's a site that has a great & easy to follow lesson on scales and modes www.guitarlessons365.com
What's wrong w/mail betw Norway & here? Pkg sent month+ ago not here. :( At least U.S. mail's working. Inventory started to arrive. :)
Today seemed like the first day of fall :(
Once you do it twice, it's not a mistake anymore. You were supposed to learn from your mistakes, and you didn't.
Tomorrow: Water Music Studio w and Canada Day. Thursday: Norway with and his band.
Thanks for letting us know! mouse411: highvoltagemag WeAreSATELLITE is the band to look out for 2012...
What's good twiggas s/o to all my new followers...
any brands/flavors you recommend?
I approach the game of Jenga the same way I approach a woman: I get frustrated, knock that shit on the floor & kick it. FUCKING BITCH. :)
I still don't like #timeline. Let's keep my acne-faced, brace-wearing, "High School Musical"-loving self in the past where she belongs.
Good to hear! I could think of some many awesome things I could do with 20 million! :)
nobody remembers the journey just the outcome...
Boylan Heights in C-Ville rock!
Thanks guys for the follow! Have an awesome day all!
Wow, 10 assists in 15 minutes is really impressive. Easier to rack 'em up when surrounded by three future hall-of-famers, though.
And I'm pretty sure or we're probably involved the other time as well
RT : Discussed the #Chen case The #publicdiplomacy fallout will be on perceptions of human rights in...
lets go #bayern!!!
woot i got my old version of tweet deck back
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil. - Plato
oh wow I had no idea he was already injured! He should totally sue, loss of potential earnings and all.
So glad that the Midwest is finally catching up to the east coasts obsession with frozen yogurt
We have to make that happen, soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yup... I'm not the best of catholics :3
Hey, #ypc10 folks, are you following ?
What's good check the music get at us
Oh my darlings how thoughtful! Mwah!
don't you DARE abandon #cville!
cel.ly Just figure out a way to make the texts free for students...
All she want is some heel money.
haha nothing really, just a twitter misunderstanding
Thinking about cheating on my droid with an iphone.
one of my favorite songs I've been on! Get wit me fool!
so what does that mean?
We have 15 girls registered for Girls Rock Camp Houston. We're halfway there! www.girlsrockhouston.org
Thanks for the RT Chris!
The thirst and the delusion I see every day is beyond pathetic
i just keep going.
Can you please fucking unfollow me? Oh and check your dm
ahh i wanted to watch it he always actually do them short
yeah them girls are a handful & I think this is it for me on the kids...lol
Wow I guess it's true. Things happen in 3's. First Ed,then Farrah, now Michael.
I have complete faith in you ;-)
no more coffee or carbs that is the main goal of the rest of this week
Oh my goodness
Hi Tori & Dean. When is your show coming back?
Corporate meetings eat my soul
S/O To Everyone Who's Following Meh!!!! :)
Damn where's the love in Tweet World? #NoKissesTweetHearts Lol!!!
awe shoot :/ we will come another time! I didn't know you moved love
Which is more painful? Root canal or shopping at Wally-world on Sunday? You decide.
Listening to RB episode 200.Holy cow,can you upload a remixed version where the host isn't saying "M-hmm" every second??
Winner winner, Statis knows.
haha. it's about time someone does heavy lifting for our kids. since we outsource everything, why not educ
My little 2-year-old cousin over here saying "fuck niggas" lmfao she is bad smh.
Justin Honaman from CocaCola takes stage at #BAsummit201 to talk about measuring marketing performance via analytics.
Heading to OR. Humane Society for dog adoption event--ever adopted animal from them?
I'm hitting up sessions the rest of the day. After 6?
Done! They responded very quickly.
The entire Delphi staff: Teaching w/Technology, Blackboard, PD, & Conferencing - we couldn't do it w/out you!
#offline #sleeping xo'
Go #Follow She Supports #MNMusic !
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
someone get Chris johnson a TD, christ he ran 200 yards
Love ain't nothing but sex misspelled. - Harlan Ellison
I Heard the opposite, Wisconsin needed to shade the 34 players over 300lbs because they were at greater risk of heat stroke
Hope the rain and wind stop.
Thank you
is learning rodeo lexicon
It's every day for my 1 year old! Nice to know my yummy food decisions for him are super healthy ones too! Thanks !
Is it just me or has ted nugent gone completely bat shit crazy??
Are you an ONTD'er?
Hey Michele!
Your biggest enemy is yourself
Yes! Makes me glad to know people who love science, bc I have no patience to read the research, but it's so important!
and possibly both at IU
Florida is awesome. Flew over and there were all these random ponds and lakes and waterways. Humid as uck but interested to see more of usa
Oh wow!!! They are simply beautiful!!! Even unfinished!!!! You are so talented!!! <3
People need to learn how to wear deodorant.
Hopefully they will have them for the ever important November election!
RT : Thinking of redecorating your cloakroom? Don't be afraid to use bold colours and designs. See our June issue...
The term "librarian" is steeped in a discourse of fear (Radford+Radford 2001), so how about "reference librarians" become "research tutors"?
Absolutely miss judged how suck I still am. Going to the office turned out to be a stupid idea
Ah my bed feels good. #comfy tweet
I'm 30 years old and I have literally pee'd in every pool I have ever be in. Every single one.
I can't wait until Christmas
i love flan. just not. this. minute.
Hi George Welcome to the CoffeeTalk Jazz family...tweet-tweet
This is awesome, thanks for sharing!
lotsa layers to get that wall-of-sound! Experiment well, guitar-man!
ah but you are a day early with a chance for a good night of sleep. Before you party hearty/hardy
McGarry: the longer a probationer or parolee is on supervision, the more chances to screw up (not necessarily involving new crimes)
#sundaylibrarian - but with coffee this time! yay!
well that's a good thing...i think.
If only knew how much i love him. Maybe hed follow me. Becuz i love him so much
Omg my dog had a seizure
yea for sure, i'm fairly close to you - so we should grab lunch sometime!
- Have studio tracks need "BLUES LYRICS" - Las Vegas - drop me a message! Thanks
In a world where folks change careers all the time, and where most don't work in what they majored in, broad education just makes sense.
same!!RT : If i had a british accent i would never stop talking.
Good Morning, I AM READY!!!!! 1. Looking for an Agent to help me get my career to a whole new Level. 2. Publisher for my new book. 3. Publi…
No way! hahaha I gotta check that out. Do you have a link?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> RT : and just went fucking HAM.
Thank you for your invaluable contribution in evoking the iconic image that's lasted 50 years.
story of my life !
I am so excited
blazing fast answers ... winner is #GoDCer with correct answer Teresa Sprinkle
#RAW #TimeToPlayTheGame hell yeah!!
#WordPress question: What's your favorite social sharing plugin? Add to Any? Shareaholic? other?
ripping my hair out
This week went by so fast.
#idol WTF IS THIS!!!
Filming and wifey!!!!
There's got to be a football game being played somewhere in the world that i can watch today. please tell me there is...
Fell asleep watching tv now i'm wide awake and have an 8:45a morning meeting.
sounds good man, thanks and will do
For work only? Yeah right!!!!
well that's what we're here for! let us know if we can help ya out! ;-)
Great photo of Sheas!
that's what an email I got said!! It could be a different person.. I'm not sure hahah
Loved your Bing and #Genius performance in season 3 #TVD finale ;)
Josh Hamilton is on a tear.
420 Yummies is BACK on Twitter!!! If UR in the NoHo area be the 1st person to message us & get a FREE 420 Yummy today! (must have Dr.'s Rec)
I love not going to school. (((: 3 day week for me
Movie night with my best boy budd. #The Matrix Can't believe he's never seen it. BTW he's such a drama queen! Ooh we need ice cream!
follow us !!! PLEASE :D
where man.
(just fyi... changed my user name to )
I've been wearing dresses/skirts basically all week.
wanna take me on a date? I'm a professional at tonsil hockey if you are interested. ;)
just launched some new #FRESH gear: fplabel.com (hope all is well brother and the hustle is strong!) bless.
"Like" Brunette Grenade Retouching on Facebook for a chance to win #FREE #photoretouching!
I cried when I never use to get my way
Get in a car, start driving, stop when you feel your car go 'bump.' (ps: any East Coast time for you this trip?)
There are no prerequisites,other than a good attitude & general interest in ballroom dancing. Don't worry if you think you don’t have rhythm
If a dead body is left in a swimming pool too long it explodes
He's grown into his role, even if no one cool wants to admit it. RT : Actually.... good discussion from Shaq.
Something that won't embarrass you when you forget to put it on silent. RT : New phone, new ringtone. What should I choose?
lol I'm just nosey, hurry up !
We can install the full English version for 80 $ , reply if interested
ok when do you want to do this awsome party xD lol
They say youu got a new chick. "haha" I just laugh it off, cause youur not even my boyfriend, nope never were.
followback,is Sexy related to The Office
Like money in a slot machine
And how do all those women cook w/ their hair down on these cooking shows? If i did that, you'd get hair soup...
Where will you be shopping for your spring wardrobe? Any suggestions for new cute styles this season?
never been to the Dakota's...do you recommend a visit?
Wow am I late to the game on Of Monsters and Men? These guys are great.
And that's without even moving the mouse from the search box (so no hovering shenanigans)
I want to live somewhere else. Why does Bowling Green have to be so boring?
“: it should be filed en masse every state election board RNC and flood courts”.
Influenster just relaunched their new site! Personalized deals, complimentary product shipments, badges and more!!! www.influenster.com
I don't wanna. Do I hafta?
I am super jealous!! Good Luck! :) RT you're looking at the newest intern at !
Whether we realize it or not, the body is constantly renewing, regenerating and healing. It all starts with the breath.
Now I can't forget you and it makes me mad left one day and never came back
good point, I think she meant acquaintances, though maybe you could thank a stranger thru their buz for great cust service.
Meet massage therapist Sara Trohaugh, check out our space & get info about our practices at our Open House 6-8:30pm Friday November 4th!
mon. was free play, thurs was $35 dollars I went in with, today was free play and $40. That's it! Haven't been 4 a while.
Pita chips with hummus!
Continue. :) RT : Michael B is the coolest
you're welcome! I am excited to see the show!
Delicious & 300 calories! How can you beat that kind of deal? Come enjoy your Egg McMuffin!
Can the Miami Heat afford NeNe with the new CBA agreement?
He got paid from Verizon too
just listening to music you? :)
Make everyday the best day.
Up bright and early!
this girl in my class said usher discovered justin and I was like no, it was scooter & we were arguing about it. Bitch please, i would know.
hey brother-in-law tell my bby I said hi and I love him to father my future children.
Happy Thanksgiving! What was your favorite dish?
Ohio University vs UNC is some high drama... Take me home country roads
Thank you for the great interview! You are so sweet & the best anchor! Can't wait for your piece on college planning.
just thought ii'd say hey to you :)
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. Groucho Marx
And thx #usvi for the bottle of cruzan rum!
RT : Free drinks world famous raffle & hot short films all going down Fri 7pm Dec 2nd screening series
We want our elephant back! RT : War has been waged between Us and Ignacio Tomorrow will be messy.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist rock bottom
I need to start going to the gym! This is getting ridiculous! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
same here! Horses ARE my life! I have a buckskin mare called Luna(:
My first saved Google search: 11/26/07: "bermuda cars." Hint: You can't rent them. Try a moped -and drive on the left!
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Were you both drinking? RT : Don't forget!! today at 1030a!!! Watch me verbally abuse !!!
RT : Rep. Joe Hubbard: We've got to get back to fiscal sanity. Both democrats and republicans are responsible.
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.~Kristofferson
Dude!!! I tried!! But fudge that she said there's no way I can fix this x(
We are suppose to believe a Man w/a loaded gun screamed for help then shot an unarmed teen dead #trayvon screamed
who plays tomorrow inside da gates
From 106 emails to 8. I'd say it's been a productive week thus far.
I just downloaded Scrivener. Anybody got some tips they want to share?
Had a student who doesn't engage get excited about a project today! Finally! Hopefully we can keep up the energy for the duration.
#coyotes #wings tonight #nbcnetwork les fucking go
jesuss :/ can't sleep T.T
“: update on the Lincoln/Boyle game?” I'm at work so I don't know .
First #akla12 celebrity sighting: Eric Estrada on our flight. I saw him asking for librarian autographs.
Faded off the kush, im gone
Mr. Roker, people on the west coast need to know scrapple!
hey matt. good luck out there try not to kill i'm sorta a big fan of his. I have to see him in concert first!
Happy Intergalactic Star Wars Day!
When in doubt...research!
Someone get me to #NYC ASAP!! Having withdrawals...
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse. -Walter Jeffries
BEAT LA. #CelticNation :)
In 1980, CA spent more on higher ed than prisons. Now it's flipped. We can't sustain both mass incarceration and quality education.
Hey Tweeters! What's your favorite form of exercise?
Back at my fabulous Thursday night #chemistry class at #Towson. Could just as well be
AWW THEY LOOK SO CUTE WHEN THEIR SLEEPING<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Ooh Well *Shrugs*
Don't waste your time, or time will waste you.
hope so, its dirt cake! Hope your burgers were good.
what do you wanna do though?
I guess I should start tweeting more! So here's the first one!
how ironic is that? lol CONGRATULATIONS!
Yes. Very sad.
gross. i can do without your one direction sex fantasies
This girl is the best dancer in the whole world lol, I always hope she is at the top of the pyramid
no #abercrombiemodle you wish. LOL and that Inn is full up in
One test done. Two to go.
she cant love you, like i can.
I'll let u know. You can be my first customer, free session for your first time.
Boo bye
Home Sales Down 13% in Month but Up 13% in Year
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
what's the 411 on the opening night??
getting ready to sign with FBI
you bringing the LYT and YT?
choose wisely! only have time to give love + receive it nothing else lasts this seems fragile yet all else vanishes (Spanish: desvanece
LOVE the Avi
Hi Solome. I sent you an email. Super excited about your site.
Jeallll I missed her Chicago concert due to work.
Randomly chose the least worst film in 'comedies' on Hulu and so far 'bass ackwards' seems awfully depressing!
Sounded like the author opposes corporate ownership & wanted to needle Chris about it. Glad all were in on the jk
I worked with John on CHINA BEACH.
That depressing moment when you get in one little fight & your mom gets scared, so you move in with your auntie & uncle in Bel-air
Volunteer park for more dec fest. Heading to greekfest to see pangeo later on.
Ha, crazy. Miss ya guys!!
Don't worry I am an omnivore myself.
Andrea Cabral quotes Richard Pryor: Who are you gonna believe? Me or your lyin' eyes?
Ever loved someone so damn much that you just wanna yell it from a roof top? Or in my case write a song :)
Yeah!! Have fun!
at this time of night? surely not!!!
waiting with eager anticipation David. re: JetBlue to ABQ route... Ann Rhoades.
Thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts Jodie! We love what you are all about too!
I cant wait to see in June at the comcast center !!
A big Twitter welcome to ... follow them for IT information, tips and news about Rutgers IT
yeeee I know, its must be feel soo cool!!
I hear talk is considering up one. Be cool if JRubyConf came home. Just sayin'. /cc
Looking forward to an exciting day in the Ohio Senate tomorrow. Big news.
This is the fifth time I've watched Easy A these past few days. HOLLAAA.
Powerpoint sucks because it distracts from what people are saying (while it's supposed to enhance). Prezi just makes that worse.
fine be mad at me for something I told you Weeks ago
Just saw the funniest thing at Noah's preschool and I can't stop cracking up, alone, in my car. Got the giggles. Why is tripping so funny?
So glad to see memoir at No. 1 on the New York Times bestseller list, right where it should be.
Why didn't I do HDFS?
Fact about Me: sad music cheers me up!
Whoever dresses #Blaine () in #GLEE - I really want his wardrobe. I love all of his outfits/clothes. =0)
Where makeup fails, resort to pills.
damage done in an aggressive cribbage game or tossing a football? RT Just tore a giant hole in my shirt. Fricken a.
all good! I just need to scan the cover before 2:30
Best initials in the dictionary lol #RG RT : Don't let UA get this dude - Robert Griffin I will enter draft
Some people make your life better by walking into it while other people make your life better by simply walking out of it.
I swear if i see someone giving Ali hate im gonna go off on them! A kiss on the cheek & the every1 makes a big deal...who gives a shit!
hey mom how r u? How was ur day? I have a court date it's nov 1st
I Want A Banana. Lemme See If We Got Sum At Work.
There's no description for experience of feeling your life changing and unfolding
The good, the true, the tender -- these form the wealth of home. -- Sarah J. Hale
that wasn't a joke ...
c u at the next level!
trying my best whore. (:
God cut you from a different cloth.
Real Niggas Do Real Things!!!
Invited some friends over to "watch the fight" which is code for me trying to not die from laughter when Eli kills it on SNL.
Thanks to all for a great meeting last night! Lots of great conversation and ideas about media. (cc: )
when you realize most of your family hates you like my sister and my brother it just make you happy.
I didn't take any pics because I was actually sad for him. But others took video that will surely end up on youtube
Are you exciting about #BELIEVE tour?
had a blast rehearsing today for show next week at The Rock Church for the high schoolers! Can't wait for Tuesday to come!
": Next week I will visit your club myself, and 2 of my sisters We love Karaoke" ok, im going to hold u to that
shouldn't get paid 4 reppin your country. Get $ from sponsors if that important not like TeamUSA needs DWade to Win.
RT : Had a GREAT time hanging out with this morning!
Real day off = Real breakfast. French toast with bananas and strawberries...so good!
renzicle, any way we could hump Thurs or Friday? Read ur text on deets about why I can't Wed.
Absolutely. 140 char. limit killed me! You forgot and are definitely craft beer spots
It ain't over till it's over.
We are still here - just practicing what it would be like to have a network put us in hiatus mid-season.
My tooth is killing me ugh
Ah how exciting!
I love Pipi
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow. :/
i think i'm going to let melatonin do it's job. there is no way i'm falling asleep before 4
glad you're coming on board!
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only $6.99
I'm about to sing but it ain't gonna be sweet! Lol they just got hear.
And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school When a couple of guys who were up to no good<U+2665>
Ha. Um. Probably not.
I don't shit from shit when it comes to twitter but I know when u figure it out you'll blow it up!! Yeeeeeow
. take mondays off, for a start.
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
A Sveum groundout leads to 2 runs in the 6th. Brock scores and Deer then scores on an error by the pitcher. 7-5 Brewers!
I will say this if I ever had the Korean Zombie on my team during a ZA, our chances of survival are pretty good
Gonna go clean my room now k bye
thanks for the #followfriday mention!
I successfully made pasta with shrimp garlic and vegetables and I only burned the bottom of the pan a little! Go me!
it was very affordable, at least back then. and, totally hipster.
Sitting Richard Wolffe next to SE Cupp like setting a cat next to a mouse...on a plate slathered with mouse gravy
this gig in LA?
I just remembered the name of that book I was telling you about. It's "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society."
not sure. That mtg is imp. But thinking also abt doing the indispensable librarian 1. Hope 2 catch up w u sometime 2mrw tho!
I am a guest on the Central Podcast this morning
Tips from the Disney Diva: Walt Disney World&#39;s Candle Light ...
video games. Haha
The Doods are sorry to hear about Whitney Houston. They would have tried to make her feel better...
feeling that sweetness... have a nice day, ladies! Shake n Bake!
You're Dear Abby for alcoholic sluts!
Wal-Mart de Mexico Engaged in Widespread Bribery, NYTimes Reports
strippers dont do that your silly
oohh, dont feel like that, its ok, love u <3
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives. ~Louise L. Hay
I hear "public scholarship" a lot, although one imagines that all public-ations are by definition notionally public....
Trak has a legal and services division too so it's not just libraries. You might be qualified for one of those positions.
Thanks for the follow looking forward to the great advice :)
A beautiful day on Lake Austin..
NYC - where people will act surprised or confused when you tell them you believe in G-d before you can provide rationalized caveats.
Ethics are practices that lead to trust (Rosen via Zion). But my students trust their friends & not companies/institutions
where? when? link?
and music for the deaf. Hey-o!
You're welcome - keep up the good Tweets!
Going out to eat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I will be out of the office from Dec 16 to Jan 2 on business and holiday travel. If you need to make an appointment for January or general …
big drive here
what's your take on Vinny Curry? I thought he was spectacular at Senior Bowl. His film vs WVU in '10 has me convinced.
Wade bust that Nigga in his shit
you have me on the edge of my seat!
yo I'm about to go to twitter jail doing verses...
OWS Oral histories. Transparent and open. interview release forms created and used for participation and info sharing
Is in Austin without ...this just feels so wrong
Go Girl!
We do ship to NJ, the states we don't ship to are listed on our website
Cool - thanks for the response!
"I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin."
sounds good!
Can someone loan me the force choke power?
I know your proposal had to be a bit more romantic, yes?
Savor Albuquerque starts today!! We couldn't be more excited and hope you are too!
you look way too nice to be a casting director! And in fact all the CD's I have met in LA so far are.. I like this.
People need to stop selling onTwitter and shouting their message and start getting more involved in the interests and lives of the people.
I am working so not many tweets 2nite but the last game is tied in the 2nd inning, hmph, so glad I'm not watching.
RT : at , doing work! [Go Abby! Love that you're setting a good example.]
I love you...
RT - Did u know? Camden Yards opened 4/6/92. #Orioles vs the Cleveland Indians. Our game on 7/15 will be against the Ind...
Drayton Florence signed with the Broncos. Good fit. Best of luck to him.
Hard celebrating the new year knowing that all our New Years party hats and supplies weren't even made in the U.S.
I've tried for you to follow me since you were on YouTube.. You still haven't noticed me and I'm just 1 in 20 mil now..
Our library is officially tweeting now
SHOW SOME FLYER LOVE RT THIS!!!!
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
hahaha. Saba? My only other guess. Unless it was you... ;)
It was a good 2.5 years scouting for Red Bull...a new team will benefit from the experience! MLS All Star match holds the key....
yea pope! He's still the same old trey.haha
unhealthly excited for the coldplay concert on friday omg ajhsgdjahsdgajhsdgjas
You underestimate our beer pong skills! Prepare to be defeated! :)
congrats on the new gig. I just came over to COF.
RT : Denied signing a recall Walker petition. Told her that I support Walker & she looked so dumbfounded.
#SadMomentWhen you realize the whole time you thought was special was all a lie ):
Bad headache today. Not enjoying my day off because of it. Glad i have friday and saturday off to make up for today.
so excited might be in a music video. lol for some reason a lot of bands are shooting videos in phily cause its cheap
He's a sweet talker! <3
You can never be too safe
Omg lol he wags his tail! So cute! Looovvee it!
oh no. Hope everything is all right soon.
haha I'll tell you later
will you be back mon
You Go KATY I love you !!
See ya
Is it wrong for me to root against the spurs for the sole reason that they have two Frenchmen in their starting 5?
Thanks, Janice!
Are these broads serious right now?
I love how every throw shown in his espn highlight was under thrown. Anybody else?
got my phone lmao
Did a guy from ur office tell you hi from me yesterday? Could you have him call our office pls? We just got 500 toothbrushes!
Got it THEE fuck in last night!
Driving in this beautiful weather blasting Nickelback. Love love love.
.kxzmndkdsbjdncxaspfgpvoc. <--- that is unfortunately how i feel at the moment.
No Prob! sometimes I call this method (me)search, rather than (re)search, after all isn't all research a bit of mesearch?
the way you looked last night >>> any other girl
Why am i so sore...
I need to learn to not plan and just wing it
I forgot about that bag! That man drove four hours to bring them to us lol
Ugh. So tired.. I still need to do homework .-. Im at a wedding rn. c:
Howard alum are like a fine wine - growing better with age. I love
Yes! You and Justin are like on speed dial for twitter! ( Even though that's not possible! )
where r u from haiti ?
Hey there, Tara ! It's nice to see you here (Twitter friends - if you haven't seen Tara's blog, check it out!). Blessings.
Yale '83 and AYA board chair. Time to meet in real space?
Congratulations to the graduating class from stop in for a delicious meal to celebrate!
i think bobby brown beat whitney to death, its a unanimous decision by the family.
A nervous wreck.
2 each system
Pull up jumper from Taylor. THANK YOU TAYLOR!
Is it too early to start making plans for this weekend?
I think the grizzles messed up everybody's bracket last year haha..not many expected them to beat the # 1 seed spurs as a # 8 and go to WCF
i dont know how
Right when I wake up the first thing I think about is what he said and even though it was a joke it made me feel like shit.
#WeCantBeTogetherIf He don't respect my gangsta.
Hoping everyones week is going well so far! Getting everithing ready for the summer months!!
Just (politely) mansplained to a woman she looked exactly like Leslie Caron. She was NOT amused.
Good Morning to u as well :)
...such a sweet girl to be the first my #Twitterpeeps to wish me so! Thanks, sugar ;-)
for a second, I thought u were saying you were a cyborg.
not super awful, so hoping it's just severely bruised. it's getting colorful but not very swollen.
25 Did you ever meet the Boyz?
Why aren't you, following me, your favorite PM at VSA? I am hurt, upset, saddened, itchy, and angry.
Yall think I should make a "I Dont Like" (Remake)
I was a huge Taz fan and they had him in a rivalry with Jerry Lawler? WTF
Just heard the craziest story.... My brother met one of justin's old friends from Canada tonight in Myrtle. #WhytheHELLwasntIthere... FUCKKK
were you distributed by Hal Leonard
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! <U+2665>
It's good morning by now, so good evening to you! I'm still getting accustomed to this whole Twitter business.
Happy Frozen Food Month! Have a Pizza Roll...
I like seeing Durant participating in sports
12 hours since my Critical support ticket was issued and no response.
Tuesday is Tampa's Best Latin Night at w/ Son Salvaje going on at 8:30pm -Salsa lessons at 9pm!
one measure: tweet about a lecture. people attend lecture. count them. if twitter brings them to the lecture, this helps them learn?...
The way some are acting, you won't be happy until Tressel is dead. Shame on him for finding another job! You'd think he committed murder.
RT LOL Letestu as a first line center....I remember this all too well. Poor James Neal. Paired w Kovalev and Hobbit
good to hear that
also, is the reason only one manning is stupid enough to play in the NFC.
I hate that we shared something that was supposed to be ours.
Got it! Not too shabby indeed! :D
I think I sprained my ankle
im ready to to come rubb it gently
One of thee days I'll win that shirt from !!!
well the back of a dress couple be backless/cut low so you can't wear a strapless
we don't need no stinkin time to puff puff!
Happy Tuesday... Currently in my database course. Happiness is oozing from my body knowing that I only have two more weeks!
Healing | Palm Oil Health: TV segment highlights foods that heal · TV segment highlights ... Our kitchens are loaded with foods and h...
RT:“ Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.”
Monday just opened for me! How's your Monday looking?
!!!! RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
This rain is cute when you're in a Parisian cafe, not when you're on a #SanDiego freeway with ppl who've never seen rain before.
Go easy on the cheese this National Grilled Cheese Day. Try skim string cheese paired with whole grain crackers as a healthy diet choice.
What do you put in yours?
Thank you for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays. Best, Matthew
Wow it's been a while since I got on here lol
Bailey Zeil Throwing Knife, Stainless Steel, Leather Pouch Reviews -
Neighbor gave the dog a Milkbone on his way out. Other neighbor gave her a t-bone from his dinner that he saved for her. Damn she's spoiled
Roll bounce.
Man, Lexi's word vomit on last night's
hiya - How are you? It's been a while.
enjoyed watching the Seminoles on Saturday.
He shouldnt be smelling like this...
Tango lessons are going on now! Don't miss out!
ask Kathryn- she moves home Friday so she can help you if you need it! She's full of ideas!!
Guess who's in front of ? Welcome!! #KefirTruck is at Southport and Newport!
- Thanks for the RT! Romney is a bully, but nobama pushes little girls. Did you read that?
I need to start checking the weather before I leave for work. I always seem to under dress since I base my choice on yesterdays temperature
I look forward to following you too
That's totally fine because I can't stand Blake Lively. Leighton & Ed make the episodes lively, which Blake does not.
Just watched "The Fighter." Doesn't paint a pretty picture of Boston family life. But, sorry to say, it is so realistic.
Wow! The Hunger Games had the 3rd highest-grossing opening weekend (in the US) of all time! Pretty impressive for a non-sequel!
Whenever I try to follow it says FORBIDDEN
Woo Hoo is right!!!
my mother and her sisters all look identical
I called you earlier?! :o
What about a neck scratch? You remember those? Common . I know you still have it in you.
Most people do not #listen w the intent to understand; they listen w the intent to reply -Stephen Covey (7 Habits...)
Be yourself. Not who someone wants you to be.
RT : LoMonte: Statistics are only as good as the people who compile them. Mistakes happen, verify records....
Hey you! Where are your ladies?? I thought you had a rash of enrollments coming? :)
Belated birthday present next time we cover a game? It is right near Fraser Field.
exactly right on jackson. He threw a no hitter last yr.
tweeting out to new followers today
Listening to Use To Be
How are you man? Been a long minute.
No money means no lunch. This is some nigga shit.
Just met Tom Green at Andretti.. Just another night..
There is plenty of room on the Sixers' bandwagon for everyone.
how did you cut your tongue rofl.
#packers travel to seattle september 24th. flynn or russell?
A great teacher is not one who is perfect, but one who is willing to reflect, search for growth, and open to improve always.
young. and you dont go to mill creek?
I am blaming access to birth control.
Thanks for the Thrive RT!!!!
whatever you do... make sure you get pickles with it!!!
Ghostface:Welcome home Sidney. Preview of coming events. Sidney: why don't you come for me you got the balls for that???
lol I was going to!!
Thank you! One day, when I'm traveling back and forth between the coasts, working like mad...I WILL!
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am. Join our computer experts and get the computer training you need, on the subject you want!
Too. Much. Shots.
The yarns Obama works into his speeches are always abt such boring ppl. Why not tell stories abt guys who like to eat money and fire people?
So happy to relieve the series finale of six feet under can't wait for all the possibilities with that cord!!!
A cockroach can live for an average of several weeks with it's head cut off
Congrats to basketball on win and first trip to the Final Four since 1989!
"Communication for development" must be a two way inclusive space with multiple methods employed (via Cicilia from )
I was the invitee
Hanley Ramirez 2 run homer to die center field!!!! Let's go marlins!!!!
Happy Holidays hope you are enjoying your holidays! Happy New Year
i fail at spelling.
Paul Mccartney looks like Angela Lansbury. Both are old british women.
ughh, brandi 3X. im not comparing him to hov as u often like to, im just saying he's a dope artist
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
hm, might have to actually go to the store to check out... Gap fits me inconsistently.
WTF UR KIDDING I WAS TOO ! -__- go look at my fb!?
Txt me
That is good to hear my grace-Tyrion Lannister is so awesome. I want to slap the King just like his mother did, bastard, HA!
Always cool to see how much you really can do with HTML5 and JavaScript
Stop act'n like a clown,this aint no free show.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
FINALLY, Tampa/St. Pete gets da rain!!
Great video to start flexreceipts presentation...
It's funny that you're getting a slushier.
Ehh my boo said he got a big ass he wishes c;
And sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Real Talk Im just saying!
Is all wet from an outdoor soccer nike shoe testing. Brrrrr!
Fair use is a legal defense. #masslib12 (cc: )
just got Eventide Time factor pedal a few weeks ago.. Unbelivable sundI'll look into this other Eventide pedal you talk abut
Somehow I managed to attract the attention of 8 employees to find a battery.
Now playing We Are Young (Party Ben and MyKill Remix) at up some
This rain does not bode well for my outfit for tonight's Flowers After Hours at Grabbing my girls and going anyway!
I still love the Laker. Clippers are ok
haha, thats definitely something to be proud of! keep up the good work =)
My tail piece on my electric banjo tele broke this morning and I'm playing tonight! Dragging out ol' faithful.
Oh, we'll its all for World Peace. That makes it all better then.
sweet looking set up!!! Do work!! Send us some pictures of your results
I'm not sure if it is, but there's a game on at 115, USA and Switzerland :)
My #twitter #account got #HACKED. Apologies for anything weird that happened, it was not me. I hate #hackers! #badkarma!
Everytime someone sends me a stupid link im unfollowing.. they're ridiculous!
RT Smile, it's not really that bad.
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
damn im no good, but damn its so good.
check out at eatonville on sundays during brunch. her restyling of nirvana's "smells like teen spirit" was amazing!!
You're welcome! RT thank you!
The greatest hindrance 2 the advancment of God's Kingdom in these times is religion. It was religious leadrs who crucifed Jesus not sinners
Need help getting boogs out of your carpet? We can help!
I agree with you...again a sign BB is not taken seriously
oh wow! How does that happen?! Someone reported ur shit I bet?! Wtf. I miss you!
RT : Im at Ritz tonite <U+E409> RT : Where y'all turning up at tonight???
If you want images to be clickable links, just select the image and then click the RTE's "A" anchor button and enter the link url
oh my goodness. Isn't it amazing? That cookie dough egg roll is a game changer.
Ah missed my opportunity to pose with Jenny McCarthy! A friend told me about your twit and I missed it! But not Jewish eithor.
All I can say is wow! What a hard fought game. The end of the season is going to be fun to watch.
Omg! Just finished my Divas in Defense bowling league and who do I see? Flavor Flav! Clock and all! Didn't see if his clock clocked him! ;)
THIS IDIOT SAID I NEED EAT PORK AND ITLL GO AWAY ... WHERE DO I FIND MY FRIENDS??? LMAO
Better be ill spoken of by one before all than by all before one. - Proverb
Life is too awesome to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
It's definitely beret weather!
I want it now!!
what's up?!
it won't...I turn 20 in a few weeks and don't feel anything yet
And so it begins... Take no shit from the English. Happy St. Paddy's day all!
Be creative in finding ways to make your kids feel special even when you can’t be there.
Having a cat gives you a 15% advantage in getting through library school.
What a gorgeous day in Pasco! What are you doing today #TampaBay?
Don't feed me bullshit
When people change, the meaning of things change to. #
I miss those days when i had all the time in the world.
Well my twitter just became the official sports talk radio station in my head.
... #bullying is a serious issue and it needs to be stopped. If you see someone being bullied in anyway, please stick up for them. (cont.)
« Don't block your OWN blessings.»
We can settle this like gentlemen.
good burgers!
Loving this sun
I think we all are, and I'm also ready for you to follow me? ^.^
lmao I just noticed tomorrow is 420. No wonder I have all these canceled classes. These teachers are wild!
i highly recommend it. there's also an international focus to ours. wines must come from country o' the month.
Celine Dion -> Meatloaf?! How old are these writers?
Run the score up on these boyz #Boston I got money on the line
Aint gonna lie needs to be a Victorias Secret model!! Dayummm!
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family, and anyone else you think would benefit from it.
It might be in my truck
Vanessa Hudgens seen kissing guitarist
10. my house
I go from 29 to 30 folowers everyday. I want to gain not flip flop. Derp.
#ravennation bring it!
Did someone say $3 Summer Shandys till 8pm. Oh wait... We did. Be there!
I taught my mom well. She now knows that when I say 'The Boys' im talking about the boys.
Thanks for coming! “: Just got here super excited! Good luck everyone. :) ”
I thoroughly enjoyed that band, except for the screaming and the tight pants.
I know the feeling lol. I wear yellow shorts and shirts all the time
Trick or treat! Let's make some money for the #RISD Annual Fund!
Okay okay I'll admit maybe just a little lol
haha...true that but I'm a twin and she got the nasty attitude..I'm too nice..smh
Anything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
Ditto here. (MBA; double major Biz/Econ) What does that have to do with Ann Romney? (net worth $200 million)
Who's coming to hang out with us at TOMCATS WEST in Ft Worth, TX on Thursday for the show with ?!?
lol I'm just that nigga I can change people ;)
He's the workout guru of ATL. When you see him tell him I did not forget about him and I'll see him soon.
Right there with ya!
That's amazing! Guess only 1 copy produced? would love to have one, I bet.
no problem ;)
I know. It's all natural, no preservatives, and no high Fructose corn syrup. Sounds so good.
Did you design your place? Very nice!
I was thinking the same thing
The fact that I'm gonna watch the Simpson's sunday just because of
OK, enough with college students in suits. If you are a sports fan, turn on actual sports --#FlaPanthers #NJDevils now.
what's your favorite hockey team?
please!!! will be out of town all weekend tho. Next week sometime?
FUCK those Facebook post that demand a repost. If you dont then your one of the "99% that arent brave enough to! No I just dont Give a FUCK!
You're love is one of a kind.
it's usually orange Gatorade for me. And orange... Well, yeah.
don't have one duh..
I haven't listened to any of it yet! Waiting for my hard copy :)
Is unleashing the power of cms data like unleashing the kraken?
So far, this is as bad as Sideways. Just in Europe.
ok tell me you saw that one
The largest coffee-producing nation, Brazil, is responsible for 30 to 40% of total world output.
RT : A HUGE thank you to all our writers on #12Most! They are what make it rock!
that helps, thank you!
Soylent green of course
Huebsch says Chief Riseling spoke to everyone staying in Capitol yesterday and personally asked them to leave.
thanks for having my back today told me what you said. I'm glad. I got your back anytime. Love you(: sexy
Can't wait to play on the same line-up as White Denim this Friday... We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year
If you prick me, do I not bleed? If you tickle me, do I not laugh? If you pay me for Orioles season tickets, do I not make wagons of money?
I think the world series tweet saga is more entertaining than the actual game.
Is it weird that a black friend of mine just told me she could be blacker?? xD
Marv Tarplin, Motown guitarist & songwriter, has died at 70 in Las Vegas. Marv wrote & co-wrote many songs, including 'Tracks Of My Tears'.
I hate being spamed on
for some reason, you look like Rihanna in your avi cousin... :)
thank you!!
anytime... Never stop dreaming and more importantly.. never stop living
I'm so sore and I have a headache. :/
am. Find a good shop. I'm getting another too.
there's a bingo sheet? I want in.
When the packers lose, you get upset, when you get upset, you blow off steam, when you blow off steam accidents happen....
I feel like #nussie I'm to real not to like
If you're trying to think of ways to loosen those hip flexors, we have some thoughts...
A link's anchor text may be one of the under-estimated resources a webmaster has to utilize a hyperlink.
#random...but the only two country singers I like are Taylor Swift and Carrie Underwood
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you!
i guess .. Lol
Have I ever told you I don't care, Good because I really want to get it across
do you ever make shapes out of the clouds and lets your imagination go free? Hm?
would be the best thing that could happen. I really love u Christian<U+2665>. come to spain!!
We abusing refs now?! Really?! UNNECESSARY
Don't forget that #EarthDay 2012 is this Sunday.
Look for editor at Chef Jam judges table tonight. (But please don't poke him in the belly)
how could she resist? Haha
You are a worthless piece of shit
despite having a terrible ending, I recommend the series. Just hope they fix it somehow by the time you finish
and I have the best conversations lol. Never fail to laugh :D
LOL, at the 15 there was this old woman dancing tribal all funny and stuff. xD
Rocking out at work in Long Island to ol school at noon mix. Shouts to all my Philly Bros & fam
ATTN: DJS - management etc. - we "GLORYHOLE" are looking for other parties to rock while at WMC and SXSW if you can help hit me up!
sema bro..I see the swagga
Romney wins the Connecticut and Rhode Island primaries
For Halloween, I was Joan Didion one night and Karen Carpenter's ghost the other. Same outfit, different face.
Since I missed out on yesterday's festivities (re: the Brilliant Randall Hess) I am HOPING to be able to get in on it today.....??
Have fun in England!! There is always next year for the book fair. :)
Anyone watching the NFL Draft somewhere tonight?
just hack onto my profie and look at my dms i gave my # to jerod
Awesome, sending over the gift card donation for the auction tomorrow! cc:
I'm also a JCR fan. And a Bridges fan, but his voice has reached unholy mumbling levels.
Whatever u need me to do, I'm there!
Late show with Craig Ferguson!
unless of course you ate 11. Then you times 100 ties me
I could do it for you boo(:
#blackgirlsrock ...yeah, we do don't we.
What did the baby corn say to the mom corn?.. Where's pop corn? LOLOLOL c:
not the capitalist teddy bear again! (our security is useless. just lies here. useless.)
please baby <3 follow me....u are my idol,my start and my ispiration
Tired....gonna go to bed..goodnight.....ly
Could you please tell me how I dress as awesome as you? Please! I have some parties coming up and I like to dress nice.
- I'm feeling the RT love, TY!
we've come a long way or same old, same old...?
Wanye used to be a really Hood Rapper, now this this nigga wear girls work out pants and skateboards.. and how old is he like 30 smh hha
I thought I was having a normal conver--ok that's a total lie.
EXCUSE ME DOUGIE... I'M JUST THE MESSENGER... ;-0
Thought for the day - Be confident in your own abilities. Never think the other person is better than you.
Your Holiness, Please allow #OSF 2feed people at #888Turk if Church not using building Gratias
it's a kinda night.
So true! Once we accept that most of ur chronic "diseases" are food-borne illnesses, we'll stop fighting the diseases
People really do live to blow me.
Hangin with my bros at Harrigans in Dayton. David's band "See Alice Jones" is playing. Gonna be fun.
i know im sorry but im killin my dad goin to this school and i wanna get paid to go to school
On my wayy back to skool
Thanks, girl. I am going to be singing the "Think happy thoughts..." song to myself.
Great morning practice. Let's hope the second group brings the same intensity and drive as the first group.
Stupid project >.<
Sorry im back in Chicago
Send us an e-mail
Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials. Did 4, got too busy.
Anybody have a rope? I need to rescue a few people who jumped of the bridge a few weeks ago,
I was 14.!
Texylicious!!!!!Yes! Next state....Ohio??
#NELAITS11 content vendors charging a small fortune for content subscriptions, but the same content is not usable through the app. bad!!
Allergy to one member of a food family can mean allergy to other members of the same botanical family because of shared or cross-reactive...
Murray hill theater !
MI-4 is a good movie but War Horse deserves to be #1 and will be the movie that earns a Best Picture nod.
I've been practicing hip hop all day in my head omg
#GeekTrivia question from : Who was Captain Cold's sister, who also became one of the Flash's enemies?
that's that motherly love :)
No one can ever TAKE away our personal power but we tend to give it away in order to conform and be accepted.
NUMB! LEGGGGGO!! MAN.
GUITAR HERO IS SO
lets stop the bs and get it poppin.
and EJ must be on our timeline!
Don't under tip a waiter just because the food is bad, he didn't cook it.
hey brother!
Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur? One of life's greatest decisions.
Good Luck ROCK!
And my friend Sabrina met both and James Roday yesterday *forever jealous*
me and have a cheerleading competition.. wish us luck?
I debated whether to include GTown Arts Fest, WS Summer Fest & Folklife too but decided to strictly stick to the 3 major events
I love it! RT : Share RT : This Subway is making my life!!!
of mice and men vibes all day
Skype intro'd a new version for Windows that enables Facebook users to videoconference in HD without Skype subscriptions.
probably i cant remember the last time i even played pacman.. might just have to play right quick
Sagarin Ratings for the Front Range (through this morning): 80. Colorado State; 81. Denver; 84. Colorado; 170. Air Force; 250. UNC
#FollowFriday Because they inspire the crap out of me:
it's a little bit mystery, a little bit conspiracy, pre-WWII US, and a little bit of science (development of antibiotics) :)
Any interest in 25% stake in bus company operating between Hunan and Yunnan provinces? Exclusively licensed. 10+ yr operating history.
BOUT TO BACK OUTSIDE
I find Chris Brown extremely attractive along with Adam Levine <3
BMI is crap. According to the one my doctor gave me I am obese and another I just took has me as overweight. No way.
And now for Anthony Davis and "One Shining Uni-brow"
some people i really just cannot stand... at all
Felipe Melo STILL trending? Damn
Happy Holidays everyone!
I just spent time wandering around my twitter feed in 3D. That was pretty cool, needs more work... but it is promising.
Dog-sitting provided great opportunity for mini-power walk in beautiful WNY on a gorgeous March evening with a feisty terrier!
Mark, we're starting a fact finding effort about vehicle habitation violations, San Diego,. Is this a concern for you?
New genre every week on FM Expressive! (Sun 10pm-12am)
Religion is not why evangelical conservatives oppose #Romney. It's his moderate background and
Should have specified "...and I don't personally know you" Hehehe. :) But you have tweeted since then.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. William Shakespeare
Very Inspirational story on on CBS Sunday Morning today, Justin is an incredible musician and even better person!
please send this 19 yr old to WI for the weekend. I guarantee entry to many bars for appropriate slappage across the face.
i've been almost crushed by compact shelving multiple times
guess what???? The hot neighbor lost his dog again!!! And u weren't here!!!!!
At new amsterdam waiting for "the tonite show" to set it off. DJ SMI and DJ Vex spinning hiphop and soul. U aint doin shit so Come thru!
Thkful for the cross!
uncle nelly's friend kid
Finally manged to link my old Myspace, my Facebook, and my Twitter together. Cool Beans Kid !!!
Going to be at NGS tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting folks.
of course it is. Alright then.
I see these athletes been firing back at skip Bayless lately
Tryna make some moves
Less than $4 I eat like a king @ Jack in the Box. Same price, I eat like a Jack in the Box @ Burger King. Think about it. It makes no sense.
Traffic SUCKS!
Tuition costs are rising and R unfairly high do to price fixing amongst universities and this injustice is being supported by student loans.
Looking forward to tonight's and Let It Roar at the , who's with us?
When grown business men reply to emails with smiley faces.....cute but kinda weird.
i love wikipedia, saves my life everyday
JOIN us for a Beach Invasion July 8-9 at Haulover Beach! Look for the Tropic MiamiBeat Pavilion then Join us for a night that's even hotter
me to
And 22 million for , you go glen coco!
hey i just bought one less lonely girl and one time on itunes. can you follow me?
Convinced that the only time people use LinkedIn is at 4:50am.
Wifey is sick... Time to bust out the paper plates.
Austin looks so happy now that he got his braces off
Maybe a little ugly #SKC, but that'll do pig. That'll do...
Q3 via What have you found that is undiscovered in a place that is already very well discovered?
Swimming today was amazing I love combining laps with turns and water gymnastics!!
“: Jose Reyes has 12 stolen-base attempts in his last 49 games, dating back to mid-August of last season.” have fun Miami
Save some BBQ for me. I'll be down there tonight!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME (:
RT : RT : Here's a thought: skip work and go find some awesome free art in Detroit!
I will KILL you. >_<
What's this about Beiber getting rapped by a bunch of black dudes last night.
y those peopel giving giveaway after xmas
phone died..
Happy Twitter Birthday to us! RT : Today 2 years on Twitter: and
"A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for."– Grace Murray Hopper
traveling can be exhausting i can't wait to get home
DAMN GET AT ME...SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO BE TOUCHED...
I think we're watching Squid Porn in my Bio lecture right now
Feel better!
Life is like good COCK, Hard and a bit of a rough ride but.....isn't that the best kind?
menu? Start time? Stripper show time?
Are you ever doing to do anything? All you do is sit in your beanbag chair and smoke cloves all day.
come out
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much I loved him (:
Think of all the love he felt in the last moments. He knew he was loved.
It's GTBU = good to be you!
Meeting tonight!! Come find out more details about Saturday's Holiday Hoopla! BH 233 at 6:30!
Never said that. RT : You honestly think it is realistic to expect UW to win a championship?
In Finland, basic education for children aged 7-16 is completely free and includes health care.
Members of the Reserves or National Guard are eligible for the VA Home Loan Program also.
Science is simply common sense at its best that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
Nothing but Yankee victories this weekend as team Chasing800 was in the Bronx! www.Chasing800.com
#Blazers beat the #Nets 101-88. Portland closed the game on a 19-3 run. Nets went final 6:50 w/o a FG.
This season of Survivor just got boooooorrrriiiinnnggg!!! Damn.
Episode 52 will be up tonight!
Thanks bud - back at you.
just listened to your stuff on myspace. fantastic. love it. thanks for the follow!
Full moon tonight + spring renewal.......always a time of reflection and a surge of energy for things to look + feel different! Sigh!
If you dont make a constant effort to be with me or talk to me I'll lose interest in you just saying.
It's Friday! Cash your check & come spend it on some gourmet Italian downtown just east of Campus Martius...Do it!
I'm bored and browsing through apps?! Any suggestions!?
Looked up from my phone just in time to be angry at the car in front of me for not immediately going when the light turned green.
ahh, Im sorry I never replied yesterday! ): I was at my friends house and wasn't online at all. sorry
Do they use it full time? For dev-type stuff? No complaints?
is leaving today for Spring Retreat. Still remember the concert at our fall retreat 2011.
Music is going Great! About to hit the studio to record some original music.
Wishing Everyone A Beautiful New Years this coming 2012 With lots of LOVE And many opportunities for everyone to Enjoy
You could take the train to Richmond.
Can't wait for TV Party tonight at !! 10pm sponsored by - you're invited.
I wouldn't dip it in the chlorine right away if I were you. How are you at head-above-water swimming?
Shit early in the morning & uncles truck will not start. Man is he pissed, he will miss the delivery.
Think you're reading too much into it-maybe he's just the primary policy holder/falcon decision maker? DP10 much more overt
never doubt the big 10...especially PURDUE.
yeah and I'm sure the QB has had nothing to do with that. Lol I think you're in for a pleasant surprise
Still no phone
Hello all. Have a great week!
have to stay away! no bueno...
fixed a couple minor bugs in the php library examples. did you see our blog on the new api library? bit.ly/oEB0Bj
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we knew how to save ourselves from weremoles
I'm always up 4 a laugh!!! Next game, um??? Tic tax toe~~~~I'm the X & ur the O~that'll go on forever!!! Lmfao;D hugs & kisses!!
#quotes I think that only daring speculation can lead us further and not accumulation of facts.
wat u do
I have a feeling u will kick my ass but lets go
Getac where rugged meets the tablet
Dear face wash commercials, People don't actually splash their face like that. Sincerely, my bathroom floor which is now soaking wet.
I don't have access to the original until I get to work, but then I'm also putting it on flickr. :)
done! Just tell me when.
Yeah, your tweets on Tuesday made it sound like you were there. Liar!
Thanks for everyone who came to the #summersmarts party last night! We had a lot of fun!
Heading down to Florida in a little while.
S/O to my folks ! Watched him destroy it on BET in play, What a husband doesn't know"!
It doesn't cost anything to smile and you don't have to pay to laugh keep showing the world your light.
Saber - you will do anything to promote your brand. Period. I smell publicity stunt until I see solid proof of your claim.
You are not your Facebook profile. You are not your Myspace page. You are not your fucking Tweets!
sounds like a good day to me!
On my way, see you tonight! RT : It's nothing but blue skies & sunshine! Come enjoy this gorgeous weather w us on our patio!!
You were great! RT : gonna be on with see you all at midnight.
Friday, Sept 24, 2010 UTH attended Operation Green Leaves 20th Anniversary Gala at Solares Gardens in Doral, FL
My pastor preached today. Matt 26:36-45. It's time to go a little further
Kiss Me Like you miss me , fuck Me Like you hate me
RT Resist the devil and he will flee from you - James 4:7
A marching band w/ drums and a tuba has come to the door soliciting money for... I don't know. I can't hear anything over the Sousa
When employees request leave, listen for requests that would meet the FMLA criteria. Contact HR when hearing these requests
CAN NOT WAIT for #Believe and your Christmas album! Its weird thinking you'll have new music soon! But I'm sure it'll great!
. What? And give up CLI goodness?! I currently use GitX when I feel a need to succumb to the gui & admit defeat
RT : #youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around
Welcome back to your Tweet Harem! *blows kiss*
Idc though it whatever. Lol it really not that worth it.
#3: #CRM training is multifaceted & ongoing. Tailor training user needs, establish a process. cc'
STALL: I-5 southbound @ Capitol, left lane blocked, expect delays
Lingua Franca => A common language
RT : The labor movement we think is the original social network -
Bummed a pulp fiction reference had to be explained.
The images coming out of Haiti are heartbreaking.
Alls around Griffith cause I can walk to it! :0)
Operation Manual | Lottography - The Online Lottography Prices
Maybe I should start being a bitch. That way no one would take advantage of me or walk all over me.
i need 10 to 15 people who want to make a little bit of money tomorrow 7am to 7pm must be bilingual $70 call me (773)403-0072
Phantom of the Opera time Square.
Thanks so much for all the info!
Caught up with business now I'm ready to do some shows. If u want me to come to a city near u let me know. Kenny Kapone
Final day for #froggyidol with
RT Come to library @ 1pm today & check out David DeVries & Tom Key speak about Mark Rothko & perform from RED
thanks mann! u too!
Clear your mind. Go to your home page. Is there a primary call to action? Is it what you want it to be? If not, why not?
Love getting my hair done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
I wish a had Chemical X :)
Great job this morning. You nailed it!
bahaha it wasn't that funny
#attackwatch I thumbed downed Mr Prez for oking forgiveness to Vick for what he did to those dogs. Guess I'll turn myself in now.
Man If I could see you naked, I'd die happy Man Woman Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
Cities should take lessons from #nascar about how to fix potholes quickly.
That is true. x.x;; But my dread is clothes shopping. Size 18-20 is horror.
I did and thank yu
he suggested TinyChat - video.
When someone has an issue making ends meet they oft do not want to hear about how other people throw their money away...
Cool that Jive apps let you update the activity stream
you are one of my favorite older beliebers if I havent already told you. So genuine, sweet..and level headed all the time.
yes we shall!
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History:1941 Hank Greenberg hits 2 HRs in last game before army to serve in WWII
Essent Guaranty Vice Chairman to Discuss Future of Housing Finance and the ... - Sacramento Bee
How loves are we!! God says I have you in my hand, I will never let you go
"My gift is my curse & my curse is my destiny"
Good quote! I couldn't agree more!
Enjoy a great holiday weekend from all of us at !
Still listening to THE FIERY CROSS by - Disc 29 of 47. Bit slow thru the War of the Regulation part.
Oh I could REALLY use one of those
#FutureofPD Conference hosted by APDS Students to take place this Friday. Follow our handle & hashtag for live streaming & to participate
Hey looking forward to seeing you bright and early tomorrow morning!
NYC, May 12, your favorite Nightmare will be on stage at Branded Saloon in NYC at 9pm. Hope yall ready! Me and my team are going to kill it.
All this time I have been saying Max pain it's actually Max Payne I feel so stupid and I call myself a so called expert in gaming
have to live with the way they are playing and don't need the fan base giving them crap about it.
yup, Noles were in exact same slot last year vs. Notre Dame
I did a media specialist search and there you were!
Running out of oil for plastics is the more serious question than running out of oil for cars.
Photo to what now? And yes, I suppose you are somewhat of a translator. e.g. caking
MB is coming August 4!
I want a boy to come cuddle with me.
"Until you're back here baby. yeah...." RT : Maybe....or BB Mac
"There r 2 primary choices in life: 2 accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility 4changing them." DWaitley (via: )
Tonight WITZEND and Jeff Eamer present: 7.5 MINUTES OF FAME - featuring songs, spoken word and comedy from 12 of LA's finest! Come on out!
Empathy is the antidote to shame.
Forrest and Ellie are attending tonight. Are you? Raven Software is telling their story.
See, those are good pranks. I can't remember what ours was.
Although not a superpower, if I could make my hand glow, that would b cool.
Gonna' be slutty & give head to my pillow in about 3 seconds.
Agree!": lols it's just a hair style in that case nicki minja stole brandys hair style then"
Stretching your muscles before exercising warms them up and prevents them pulling and tearing.
Y'all should trend #FamilyOfTrenchers and #MarianasTrenchMonday :)
So true, pharmacists incredibly helpful! RT : "I don't just count pills, I am a patient educator."
gulf shores is going to stink if it's sunny tomorrow
My friend wanted to travel more with me this summer. But that's not what house arrest is all about.
Happy 37th birthday to the legend that is Ray Lewis.
r 2 of my #mustfollow people theyre amazing girls
and she's dating one of their members lol??
Glad you like the pictures! We'll try and post more on this sunny day!
I am loving these tweets about horrible submission packets! You should make a series of these!
Navigating too much #snow and too many #advertising #media options today? Consider a 1-stop planning partner to help with any OOH, anywhere.
Makes me so happy to see these pictures :)
Thank you Suzi and will do. :O) Hope you have a great day as well.
New York City, here i come
5 days until breaking dawn part 1!!!!
Flt attendants can be strict, but I think he deserved it. He strikes me as unstable!
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history. ~Ralph Abernathy
what's good family !
You have enormous potential. As a Child of God, the possibilities for you are without limit.
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
Watching the Royals! It's been a good opening week so far for them!
well, it was a very excellent stop, complete and full, looked both ways, 10 and 2, thats the way to get an A on the exam
“: Thanks for the RTs & for everything you do for CLER!” ~ Aww, shucks! I love those horses. #blushing ~
my nam is lennyn...and im a does and i did it.
I don't feel like going to culinary arts and cooking today...I just want to sleep.
Some of them be trying to get an Emmy for background acting. Their movements be all big and unnecessary. Lol.
RT : Kasten immediately appears the most impressive high-level Dodger front-office exec of this century.
Glad we could help out!
touche' my friend
For the best childrens toys and games visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what your looking for at the best prices!
my english teacher is gonna be devastated when i tell her that GCB is getting cancelled :(
the US vacancy rate for apartment inventory dropped 30 basis points during 1Q12 to 4.9%
Thanks for all of the great social media insight!
you're welcome! i hope it helps x
:( that's just culinary violence- like Nic Cage Crazy style
I'm not lucky I'm blessed. Yes.
yea but like 2 months ago... I hope it's a girl
Very interesting. Remind me tomorrow!
lmaoo what?? Really and i thought mine was heavier
The quality of my dot is much better now that it's calibrated and I took the plastic off the lens!
Following just to see if it still ends the same way.
Add me on facebook>>> gina marie castaldi just inbox me your twitter name so i know who's adding (:
Its friday night im flashin niggas im on my white girl shit
ediocrosy is such a crazy film!! Haha!
If we're driving and Bohemian Rhapsody comes on the radio, we will act out that scene from Wayne's World. NOT NEGOTIABLE
Ooh! Is that what I think it is?
I'll come find you shortly. RT #SIC2011 who's here?
So you mean like with record labels?
bitches that get NO dick get mad when females getting some.
cool RT : INTERN's #fridayreads: one delightfully battered copy of Daniel Alarcón's WAR BY CANDLELIGHT, from a penpal in NZ!
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. Bill Cosby
Oh, yaaay you actually got a Twitter finally? hahah.
this is ahacked account no longer follow it
": You rhymed up with up, girl with girl, and stop with stop. You're the next 2pac for sure. #killyourself" < I feel ya!
"Running gives freedom. When you run you can determine your own tempo. You can choose your own course and think whatever you want. Nobody...
2 more likes come on ICONiacz and GRANDerz we can do it!~aSHLEY
Philanthropy HAS to partner w/ private and public sector & recognize leadership role in bringing together says Antonia Hernandez
Blood Into Wine, yo.
If Mayweather loses this fight that might not be such a Bad thing! Because then he won't have to Carry all those Bandwagon riders anymore!!
Lots of fog at the San Diego Airport this am. Interesting to watch planes fly in over Pt. Loma & out over the city. Opposit the norm.
#FF outstanding insight into National Security and Foreign Policy... And we went through #Ranger school together...
=) go ahead! LOL <<singing>>"she wants to party all the time party all the time.." WHOOP!!!
Thanks, my friend. It's good to be back.
Happy Mothers Day!!! This 1 goes especially to all the single mothers ur appreciated <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
A strong woman is one who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
Im done trying to keep up friendships with people who seem to have moved on. Goodnight Twitter.
We Kall That Diarrhea
Word is Lyle Lovett coaches just pulled up next to the Market.
Nissan says Magna Steyr will build new Infiniti entry model Nissan said contract manufacturer Magna Steyr will build a new premium compac
Thank you for the props keep up the good work. Still see you on NFL Films every now and then.....
<U+266C> RIP Davy Jones <U+266C>You will be missed
I am the technology director at a private pk-8 school in Memphis, TN.
Creates jobs in the US.
Hi people :)
caught you at blue note last yr...studied w/Peter at MSM...been a fan for years. Congrats on all!!! :)
It really is funny! Denny wants to try it on the boy too :-)
well he's 11 lbs now and will get between 60-75 lbs so roughly 6x bigger haha
make sure to follow our league's tweets at for all the news around the league
Great news!
COME ON SHAYTARDS FAMILY LETS TREND
Happy Holidays to all!!!
My last retweet was 31 days ago. Go look at my tweets and retweet them!
This is for my nieces HAPPY BDAY JUSTIN! They are MAJOR FANS #neversaynever retweet 4 them please
that's right! I guess we can start talking Bears now.
on the RT, thanks for the light.
come over!
WANT FREE BREADSTICKS?! suggest this page to your friends to receive free breadsticks today only! Only 72 "likes" away!!
"don't worry the spider is smaller than you." "yeah, so is a grenade"
If he loves me fat, and that fat gives me diabetes and hypertension - how is that love?
Sometimes You Have To distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If not, you know where you stand
Yay, it's my b-day 2day:)
This morning represents NEW - an original moment, a beginning of something, a first step in keeping with your hopes & desires - Choose it!
Me too! RT : I love my #slp profession. So many are so sharing and generous!
nerves please slow down before you give me a heartattack....k? thanks! xoxo
I like your Site. I've heard the argument that there are too many nonprofits, lots of crossover in causes What do u think?
I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EMOTIONS
Were you near the chaos at the fair last night? Do you have cell phone video? Either one, please message me. Thank you!
haha.. Ain't that the TRUTH!!
01 cote rotie "brune et blonde" guigal. I'm looking for a little bacon wrapped bacon to go with it.
Hey, thanks for passing along my article about reading fiction. Greatly appreciated.
Haha that was a good movie tho
It is a bad move
: I already knew of the advantages of being an incumbent. At #AskTheCandidate, I was reminded of the curse of the incumbent.
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so
Did you look at ALL our tweets, Scott?
Wow! Thanks!
check. Sorry im not sorry
I couldn't tell ya. I'm not in
Live. Laugh. Love. Simpsonize. Goodnight Angels <3
are you back!
Crush those donks and make sure you play the good ole deuce four suited
I read this article on Conard. It sounds like he's unhappy about his own choices.
time to buy the jersey of our future 15 sack pro bowler
you can do it CHRIS!!!
Of course.
Our best wishes to all of our friends that are competing in the Boston Marathon on Monday. Good luck! Have a great time.
Hey, it's guys day out.
Just heard great welcome from Marin Alsop at #WOW Baltimore.
THIS TWITTER ID UP FOR BIDS.
Stand strong during the storms of life, and the sun will always shine on you! = )
Andrew Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
16 EASTER SERVICES: THANK YOU Rock Church volunteers for your FAITHFULNESS!
Hosting PR sessions in the Google Campus today!
hey tyler stop talking to her before I beat the fuck outta you :)
I'm partial to Punch Rockgroin or Slab Hardcheese.
thanks for the love!!
not shiid !! what up punk ass i havent heard from u in a minute !!
Sitting at a large table in the mountains with 4 Iraqi women who are reading me my future from a tiny cup of coffee.
4:20 checking out lake mich from my bedroom windows
Let 'em know your boy is live!
you're a haiku master who occasionally stretches toward sonnet but lacks the attention span for epic. not enough one liners
#nowplaying Words I Never Said - Lupe Fiasco feat. Skylar Grey
Is that show anything like CSI?
I miss the words you used to tell me.
What some companies fail to see is that from their customers' viewpoint, their products, and brands are viewed as one entity. Chuck Martin
In my eyes, you get more points for being faithful in a relationship than you do for "Getting a lot of bitches."
Streaming noir binge going on all up in here.
Yup. I get killed in MUTATION 2 and wrote his film BARRICADE.
eating unnecessarily right now but its nachos and its free....
I'm looking for an experienced writer who can take an existing tween game IP and provide copy for print, tv, and web
I get the feeling they thought, "Well, bless her heart! Poor thing can't afford steak, I'll put xtra bacon on her salad & potato!"
A hearty #FF for fellow KOB friends with new twitter accts: ,
Hey , BLS tracks by occupation, not industry. Private and public lawyers would be together in the same occupation, for example.
There is an intrinsic profundity within simplicity... -MindFirstFitness
There are few things as decadent as drizzling Nutella over reheated frozen raspberries.
I'm really starting to hate holidays. Always family drama! This is one of the main reasons I'm leaving to Denver. Can't happen fast enough!
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity. -Daniel Barenboim
anytime also!
Love that Betty White is rocking hot pink lipstick.
you've just taken you're first steps into a larger world.
#BecauseItsFriday im gonna get all fancy.
was up
ALL FOUR YAT GROUPS ALMOST FULL FOR THE SPRING SIGN UP NOW at www.yatkids.org 317-614-5057 ACTING CLASSES for k-12th graders
I just came to from a wine and Turkey coma to hear my pal on the flash back weekend ! awesome to hear her back on the air!
Yang shut up
only if you're holding a bottle of mustard menacingly
"The early bird gets the worm" - 'Nuff Said - I'm sleeping in.....
I wanted to throttle phone lady. I think she was eating carrots--it was a moist & crunchy noise.
oh my gosh right? we are brutal to each other! lmao
just tuned into #lifeclass and already crying
“: Y'all ready to watch what happens on #DWTS ????? Hope I stay on guys.” ready!!!
had to say it lmaoo ima be back on punishment lmao
I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living. ~Robert Henri
How's everyone doing today? It's Thursday yet again! This week has flown by for me. How about you?
can you dm me I would like to ask you a very important question to ask you.
call me..
We are heading out to Dallas to visit some friends.
Of course. Thanks for taking the time to speak with us. Much, much appreciated.
adoption is fantastic but we need to keep pushing #interoperability if we want to impact patient safety. #
Financial constraints force several nursing homes to close their doors
I love me some Bob Baffert. I just do!
That is adorable.
Might go to Alabama on June 23
We are writing a grant proposal letter for Indiana Humanities Council and waiting for Andrew to come and pick up a program. Yay!!
amen to that
And an even longer night “: Gonna be a long day.”
Wow... I woke up 4 hours before my alarm.
Add Moxie to that, and you'll live FOREVER!
m CHOCOLATE!!!
I don’t want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
Beyond the internet circles RapTV members are cross linked by our text-network that makes business possible in places where internet is not
So much Illinois pride on the line this wknd I had to retreat to WI. Go 'Cats!
New designs r bubblin' in my brainz!!
Have you embraced your #LifeMission? What is it?
this should be interesting. I'm going to get drunk, while you get drunk and watch twitter.
no problem.
4 days to the debut of the first transnational initiative process, the #EU 's Citizens' Initiative. No April Fool's.
FERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHTFERNKNIGHT. Did I mentione #fernknight ? You could also put out the NEXT Buildings record!
He said one day can i put a ring on it :) HA my response #OF COURSE
#Obama had the best week. Super Tuesday was inconclusive. Just drives the point home that all the #GOP nominees are damaged.
Reception - rail vodka - I'll pass - not a promising dj situation - good filet could salvage the whole thing - fingers crossed
the more you buy the more you save!
i cant believe i let you walk away when i should have kissed you
I'll be the first to admit there's a lot wrong with college athletics. Model def needs overhaul. But in this...
*SIGH* got my meds today, copays radically changed ... after paying for the meds, I have 25 cents left for the month. Damn medical bills
RT : RT this!: Print and Present this coupon in any to receive 30% off Any One Item!...
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) auburn
GREAT night. so glad i went. thanks, again.
thanks for the shout-out!
Fascinating segment on #60minutes about Face Blindness and those who suffer from face recognition.
102.3 FM has a radio remote over here @ our CLEAR office in Moore Plaza. Come on by and get free swag! We're right next to Sirloin Stockade.
Nice to be home gonna do some rosetta stone! I swear imma learn spanish!
haha! anyways im going to watch austream, tweet tomorow??
man I haven't seen you in a long ass time lol how you been
What sounds better than a fish fry in a snow storm. Don't want to leave the car? Just ask and we will bring your order out to you!
Inside the NBA on TNT is some of the best television you can find
For them to have 15 to's and be down by 4 is amazing
Thank you! And yes it does!
it's a tricky one:
I wonder how many people will be watching #CGIU at #GWU in DC tonight. It could be fascinating & provide more reasons for optimism.
Does the Aunt Ruby persona enhance or limit your orgs ability to innovate?
I just saw three black men in lambos and none of them looked like rappers thats cool
What' s shaking?! How's it going - I didn't click to listen, b/c I'm working on a report - but do you make your own songs?
Fellow panda is on America's Got Talent tonight. He Would be.
Hello...good morning!
Awesome Terry Riley clip.I'm bursting with excitement to see the new concerto with and have TR in Nashville.
Good Morning Twitter :)
Lol... RT : Come on melo we use to get hit harder than that up 77 court behind the old folks building
The perfection of art is to conceal art. ~Marcus Fabius Quintilian
Yo and follow back son!
I meant chids.....
get in the car and drive here! Thursday tradition!
Be on the lookout for our new Denim jackets dropping in 2 weeks ! Mention us if your interested !!
And I have zero appetite. Great.
We totally hit a mountain lion
Nun being me
To everyone who has already met the New Year and for those who are still waiting to do so, I wish everyone only the best in 2012!
how many law profs have killed Bin Laden?! #bringthefearDems!
I think they figured it out. Go Horns!
I want one, lol!!!
- Good luck on the presentation!
You're Welcome :] so what's up? <U+2665>
So. I just heard the carter 4 album. Like 3 days ago. Lol Now these twitter posts make so much more sense :p haha
#Love is the best weapon against suffering of ourselves and others. It is the only way to avoid creating negative #karma. #Writing heals.
yeah, kinda blows the 2 years clean driving record part out...
You make me feel .. <U+2665>
#SuccessfulHabits 87: Take some time off.
or i'll just hang out with your mom while you watch them..
How have you never been to Chipolte?? They are pure deliciousness.
kendricks verse in b boyz>> ..... DAMN
Definitely unmoored RT : Adam Yauch: the first celebrity death of the year that has left me completely unmoored...
you're VERY welcome! :D
sure....I may be back a little after that.
you copied my tweet?!
RT : I don't have any "geek" collections or "geek" gear, but I do spend an avg. of 10 hrs/wk fishing....
I don't know abt u, but I'm craving a DQ basket. Lemme know if you wanna hit one up. We know where they are now!
you're too gay to be funny.
do you agree w that?
reet when you're best friend ignores you cause she doesn't wanna see you.
oh, rad, the america indian museum is by the reflecting pool. :-)
Same here man. I freaked the fuck out over that snippet.
i would really appreciate it if accepted my re-friend request. it's getting old when i try to creep and everything is blocked ;)
weekly phone calls with implementation team & testing staff; on site visits & workshops w/Ex Libris staff; feedback submission
Early morning finance class with the devil.
Got it! I'm running off to a picnic so I'll have to look at it later, but thanks!
We'll give this new TCM doc a look (tho we fear it'll feature more recent films than we'd like). It airs tonite at 8 ET....
it's so cold in my house. time to break out 's comfy notre dame hoodie :)
Hey! New acct. - hope you're having a great time w/fam in NJ!
We've got a running clock here, heading to the 4th: Arapahoe 12, Monarch 0 in the boys lax quarters.
im like on some excitement ish like they my lil bros...
To truly be able to give to others you must first be able to give to yourself!
Lol! He said; Ya grandma gotta tooth in her booty. lmao!
5 pg paper due in and 1 1/2 hrs and I'm on page 3, but I know how to change the period font so I ain't worried.
Tonight was disappointing, but I guess tomorrows another day.
Tonight's the #NetworkEvent - can't wait to celebrate the DC #Jewish community w/ + Ben & Jerrys co-founfer. DM me 2 meet.
#OnMyVacationIWill still be tap dancing. When you do what you love it's hard to take a day off.
AGREED. Best thing ever invented.
¤ No one ever excused his way to success. Dave Del Dotto
I did. Talk to her i'll go and brush my teeth.
We're honoring Mom this week w/ 20% OFF all Regular Priced Women's Apparel online & in store!
First George Clooney, now SJP. Based on this trajectory, by October it'll be lunch with one of those twins from The Shining.
Preferences for iPhone/iPad dictionary app with etymologies?
On my way to deliver a #Fletcher2012 sign to a Carlsbad woman who wants to sign wave in #SanDiego. Awesome supporters from all over!!!
I don't think so. And they charge you for a couple months after you cancel, so cancel early if possible!
the first dude was symbolizing myself the ratchat females was next then my friends and fam was last
are you going to make #shaggfest an annual event?
I'm about to go to the mall and get me a short set its summer time lol
Librarians as curriculum design consultants at UNLV
My album been out 2 months and if you don't have it by now thanks for nothing. Maybe i will convert you next album into a supporter
ooc; as you wish babe, don't let your daddy break your heart- again!
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. -Denis Waitley
NIce tips for 'forking' our syllabi: crediting provenance and innovation.
thanks girl ^_^
ugghhhh, we can't be having this!!!!!! Where y'all at tomorrow
make me a copy. Just started following today so I've only seem 2
Tami Roman claims she's going to anger management class. Clearly she has learned nothing. needs to do #antibullying PSAs now!
Reporter looking for pro-choice catholics in metro Atlanta. email thanks
Feels good to release the McDonald, no?
de Freitas: need to improve AI believability for serious games, less important in entertainment games
The weather in #Chicago has been positively delicious the past few days! What have you done outdoors to enjoy it???
Some exciting new products are in the pipeline. What you find most annoying about typing on the iPad keyboard?
which girl? can u send me a link to her account or something?
Some interesting commercials. Chryslers ad last year = great, this years felt like a rerun...
I wanna do something tonight !!
Here at podcamp pgh where it's socially acceptable to be on your phone during talks! ...I think?
I don't have everything figured out, but when I do I know its gunna be something awesome *Patience*
I need more followers. Follow me and I will follow back. RT
k u like it
ima hit up later
Where u live should be a representation of ur true spirit!
You speak the truth!
you know how you are Smh
He gets all the girls! ;)
2 great lectures tom.! H. Washington on pharm. industry & the medical world @ 5 in Forum. Dr. Kisiara on refugee camps @ 8 in French House.
“You can't earn your way to wealth. You must save your way to wealth. - David Bach #remaxR4 #ahamoment”
Hello there! Could you please follow so I can send you a DM regarding a guitar project you'll be interested to know about? Thx!
great presentation Joe - impactful presentation on the need to jump in to the social media space - from a business perspective
okayy yu gonna do it now
I have to make a Vanilla Ice themed casserole. Anyone have any ideas?
Preseason means nothing, ipso facto preseason tweets mean nothing.
If u followed me it would mean the world i know u have prob have 100000 tweets too u but i still want to tweet it just incase u read it<3
I'm excited for baseball but I'm not in full 9-days-out spirit. I think an evening watching MLB Network & Rookie of the Year is in order.
Looking forward to our friend Kathy Nickolaus winning us our third straight election.
Hold on to frequent flier miles unless you can get more than a dollar's worth of air fare or other stuff for every 100 miles you spend
Mr. Omamofe Boyo, Deputy CEO of will speak at 2012 #CUAEF Keynote Address!
drinks and arcade games do make a good mix
I publicly apologize to ; good dude sePerated by passion
yes. Manager is in
Definitely. #Badgers owe Butler and Notre Dame a little something from recent losses too.
hey! It's been great, busy and surreal! :)
i know i'm not forced but i will get it b/c i am bored with current maps. i'm just sayin they made hella bank on the game already
HA! Play me!
We've been discussing whether there is a ghost at work. Mid discussion the song playing: Is there a ghost in my house. Irony?
“: Mike Aviles homered in the 4th and doubled in the 5th to help build a 10-2 #RedSox lead over the Twins in the 7th.” Let's Go RS!
You smoke weed like its no1s business but you don't drink :(
I'd hate to be the guy in the room who has to call the CIA every time something weird shows up on our scopes.
FYI ... Dear Professional Ppl ... The " Text Message " is NOT a business application ... the 4 layman that means ...
I wish those who abuse pets could get the same abuse back as punishment.
your yelling at me when I'm coughing?
"Talk shit get hit" is so overrated especially when you don't act on it.
Trying to teach myself Dutch while sitting in class
Here's your #hometipoftheweek: remove stubborn wall plugs by drilling a tight screw into the plug & pulling it out with pliers.
yes its that time of year go get one!
hi Kim lets talk aoon
Who wants to come out and play after work so I don't watch sad movies...?
general please
Wow! First baseball game out-of-the-box on is an upset. Greeley West 7, 3) Rocky Mountain 4. #copreps WP Grant Buchanan w/ a CG.
I had a great class tonight.
thanks for the follow. Have a prosperous 2012
Linda Rosenberg is such a good speaker!
Now, what is entailed in the Hole Behind Midnight game?
#ff you rock!
If I were there, you and I would sing "Total Eclipse of the Heart" tonight.
Jr. Hoffa don't sound like his Dad, I guess the 7% union workers do all the work in America,93%don't work
we're on in 20 minutes, hope to see u here. (lol)
Yes, we do! Which, shows us both that we are good hearted people.
thanks! It was a rough labor & delivery but the outcome made it all worth it:) hope your baby is doing great!
Intel lands Atom infotainment deal with Nissan: The chip giant says it is working to extend consumers' digital lifestyle from home an...
Beat St. Thomas!
You probably are trying to figure out how to do it....
To the Top of the 4th... Pirates lead Washington 3-0.
Little known fact: you're allowed the reward of bacon on #meatlessmonday when it's snowing & you're the only person who trudges to work.
I bet no one has friends like mine. Love em.
muji? really? kudos to wal-mart for the keen eye, but unfortunately this means my affair with muji pens has run its course...
Thanks for the follows &
#lsuau LSU defense holds the war chickens to a fg despite giving many gifts from penalties. LSU 7 AU 3
When we had a basil plant, we'd make syrup and have basil lemonade all summer. :9
New England is the only place that have consistently delicious Dunkin stores.
“: Hearing Maryland is offering to pay Ralph Friedgen in Chipotle gift cards.” I'll sign any contract for that salary.
come on...when will you visit (waiting)
ppl that tweet faster then they reply to text >.<
I just tried it because everybody picked squishy. I've only played ranged AP, so it didn't go well.
Off to catch a movie :)
This is my last tweet i promise! Iloveyou so much Kendall. Can you see this? You're my coverboy/worldwide guy!
I just don't know-.- I'm currently on my way home.
Happy and excited to be aboard!
Yep. Glen made me cry.
Had a great time today seeing my nephew and niece and tons of extended family members in Sussex.
I saw it, tagged it too.
Am now less reluctant to board the #JessicaChastain train #thedebt still don't think i'll watch #thehelp though
Dobson's offers Sleepy Hollow Chardonnay.
obviously too close, I have a huge headache from itch and him.
Coffee and Advil for breakfast. But at least I'm sketching.
gm boo
America is back to lynching... Via the Govn MSM,, Zimmerman will be lynched
I was! I saw your book for auction, so were you there? It was a really neat event. I look forward to the next one.
Woah well I did both.
Its freaky Friday lol thank the lord great week time for a relaxing weekend I'm hooping tomorrow can't wait haven't played in weeks
#InMiddleSchool I lived in my borther's shadow like I bathed in it....
#ehb2011 loved the talk on their health barometer by Edelman. Kudos.
Nigga hit the gym for 6 hours
Can I hit it from the back?
Go Broncos! RT : Stokley said he doesn't see any changes in Manning from when the two played in Indianapolis.
#SeniorConfessionHour I NEVER did homework
can you follow me?:)
I currently reside in academic purgatory. I should have prayed more or changed my graduation date to August or something. Or something.
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
Marquette v. Murray St. game is madness
So sleepy, but I can't sleep...why?
So jealous you are going to the WHCD!! Love celebrity sightings!! Miss you! Let's hang out soon!!
i wish i could go to texas!
Anybody got a direct # 4 Lee Daniels? We want him @ 3rd beyond borders:diversity n Cannes Symposium. we diverse he diverse #nobrainer LOL
so is trademarking the new thing?? I wanna jump on this bandwagon
HD Derrick Rose 2011 Mix HD<U+200F>.flv
Things happen for a reason.
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE..
#TheLostBoys #BestSoundtrackEver??? I think it's in the discussion...
To get an Oreo Mcflurry
wherever you like! Pick the spot and we will meet you
lol why are you so crazy??
Happy birthday to my favorite ginger
Mobile Transcript allows court reporters to offer an innovative new service to lawyers -- your transcripts optimized for your client's iPad.
Flacco's eyebrows are old teenage sweethearts. They met in high school.
When whitegirls get twists with bangs! Really? Are you five?
RT : Looking forward to my 1st committee meeting with after my maternity leave break! - welcome back!
right on lol
Best thing read today: "Don't be trapped by thinking that all your work has to be momentous. Seeds aren't momentous."
#PrayForEmily - A single pregnant 16yr old girl who lives with her 2 friends.
So they still ain't done with my truck???
A bitch is up workin off of approximately 3 hours of sleep
grass growing. Paint drying.
sorry about technical difficulties, please email if there is something I can help you with.
you lyin. i just sat down in there i rarely ever hit anyone... you do know that joseph had my account info right...
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be a fantasy after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
If the dog in The Artist doesn't win "best supporting actor" at The Oscars I'll demand a recount
requesting Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
That was Maysonet's second major league HR. Probably one he won't forget for a while.
Sweet. Hottie on #OKCupid just asked me out & didn't wait for me to ask her. Granted, I messaged her 1st. But I like women who ask men out.
Somebody needs to do a 720
The financial system meltdown was specifically engineered to do exactly what it has. Ignoring basics in economics with predictable results.
we're working on it slowly, but surely
just did(:
Henry Ruffner "slave labor is bad for VA economy" - economic v. moral appeal.
Leaving the kick Back with my #iLL family. Had a great rehearsal tonight. And ate good after. Bout to head home and laxx (relax) . fwm
I'm heading to bed I'm pooped , fell asleep watching tv
That's a wrap. Thank you for tuning in. I am exhausted. Times like these I want a drink. Sorry for clogging your stream.
johnny you in the west loop right now? chilling in your pad behind the billy goat? hawks looked good tonight
Hello west! I think I am back on your time zone now. Glad to be here.
sometimes I feel like all the blood is rushing out of my body
#Rockies Tyler Colvin getting some work at 1B during BP. If you can hit, they'll find a place in the line up.
Peaches n cream popcorn
I never thought about doing that, but I think I will have to try it, sounds quite tasty.
Cliff-hangers.
you should really get it for gaining more total followers! Good fun! Lunch on me post Super Bowl!
BREAKING: Gov. Chris Christie endorses a meat lovers pizza.
is the flex map working? Collaboration across state lines. Gotta luv it.
Since when did become OK for companies to have you download a client, only to dl it again during the "installation?"
...I want my two dollars...
When you say alright, that means the phone conversation is over..
Yay, a beautiful Friday evening to everyone. Thank you for your follows:
Don't just stand there and watch your life happen, be assertive and take charge!
Thanks for helping to spread the word.
Good morning all!.. You have a great Tuesday!!!:-)
#ff RT Whenever Rush Limbaugh gets lowered onto his wife, I hope she remembers what he said about contraception.
well I love me some art
Is there a cookie supplier here? Anywhere?
Legal document server in Sacramento, CA 916-509-0677
you are actually the best!!!
Revenge? Nah, i'm too lazy. I'm gonna sit here and let karma fu*k you up.
Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else." Brian Tracy
Hailey Baldwin is gorgeous.
Carlos to the moon! RT :
SJP forever my Queen!!
so bored.. Somebody txt me ! :D
An admirer of Etgar Keret, Aleksandar Hemon, Sonia Sanchez, or Kronos Quartet's David Harrington? Discover the thought process of these...
Your just mad cause you havent got pussy since the pussy had you
That's adorable! <3
Why are there so many piggy banks? Pigs don't like to hide their money in the mattress.
my guess: weak jan-feb sales dragged on total as people waited for new model, iPad blowout next quarter
Awe, have a blast!
New wine glasses aim to balance "water and fire"
Had a blast last night at the first women's party at Disney Gay Days! Hung with the Real L Word girls & got the scoop on a possible reunion!
not sure it would take much
I've learned not to wear yellow bikinis...or speedos
Listen live now to On Health & Healing on http//:a2zen.fm. Dr. Malcolm Hill on God's Healthcare Plan.
nice to meet you Pam! Do you live in the DFW area?
Playing hotel angeleno tonight with great singer Toni Peete! Sunset and the 405, 9pm, no cover.
Lion King (:
Beautiful evening for a burrito on 23rd!
Another shitty sunday for the eagles
#shoutout to all the graduates of MTSU and U of M! Congrats!!! :)
Except you can't sleep on our couch... RT via : At my home away from home
According to 26% of passionate fans primarily used their mobile device to follow March Madness. I was one!
Pshh modest people
I expect some drunk tweets tonight.
When i saw austins girlfriend i tried to give her hug and then i ran into the mirror and realized it was me opps...
"knock knock!""who's there?" "NOT SARA!" :D
I will if we ever get tickets!
ugh I can't get over how perfect tonight's episodes were :,)
Drake isn't featured, so of course she's behind. Duh Amir, you know better than that.
what a beautiful story.
All dat D?
lol that's a shame
ohh right sorry I just keep forgetin
Confident you have the best telecoms deal?.... Nothing to lose in doing some research right? Call us now: 0844 880 2010 No obligation :)
#RHOAReunion Nene doesn't want to talk about dildos because it just brings bad memories for back in the day when she was riding a pole
Aha. Maybe Italy will start using extraordinary rendition to get its loot back.
OK, that IS good.
Here it is, my 100th tweet. I've got to come up with something significant to say? Well, Uh...um, uh...uh. Dang, I got Nothing!
#Loex2012 Using online YouTube videos to teach Library Resources for 1st yr students .....many #AcademicLibraries are currently doing this
We make things happen! Learn more 2day :30 when we meet Hall--we'll b celebrating our 1st legislation & our new initiatives.
can't read your posts :( starting #WalkingDead now ;)
#Rumors are going around that Snooki's ex said he hopes she has an abortion. The YDS is trying to contact Emilio for his side of the story!!
Life is what you make it!
Just think about it... There is some heavy philosophy behind those lyrics...
I knew James & family wife Ann daughter Penny, Derek & Joey. Gone 2 soon. J. put the bottom on a motown hits. SMALLWORLD Moto
agreed. I walk
so excited to anounce that i have a huge chance of launching one of my dreams next school year :)
God damn that's crayRT : Septa Police went on strike ... Crime is reaching a high
"One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything." -- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
I let ppl subscribe to me on Facebook and then have friends as ppl I've actually met.
you must be lightweight cause that's only two shots
Luv that store!! RT : Saw shopping at C. Wonder yesterday w/Bryn &NO nanny! So inspiring for fellow female entrepreneurs
Happy birthday!!!
Those who eat Culver's for #SB46 dinner! :) RT : Call it: The Super Bowl Champions will be __________.
Stop in at the North Liberty Branch on May 5th from 10-1 p.m. for our Booksale in collaboration with the North Liberty town garage sale.
Drinking while breastfeeding
congrats young brother....good luck to you as you start your career
#BackInElementarySchool if you had the 64 pack of crayons with a sharpener you were the shit.
I LOVE YOU!
DEAL OF THE DAY ..interested in 4 unit building I'm listing tonight in SE DC? Needs full renovation. Let me know if you want details.
I LOVE U
#90sproblems when you want to hear a song again and you have to hit rewind. Then play, then rewind, then shit too far so now fast forward.
night night
What is your favorite Class Is In Session song? Download the mixtape and let me know!
RT If you want people to RT your stuff, know how many characters you need to leave to make it easy on them. I leave at least 14.
I'm a strange individual & that turns you on.
<U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> Follow me <U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> Get <U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> F0LL0W†BACK <U+2714> akika_143
Thanks bro!
you already know... Lol
I agree that paras need training in ABA but so do the general and special ed teachers who should be guiding their work.
Glad this week is only four days, but annoyed at how the three-day weekend makes everybody scrambled and hectic.
I like a girl who knw a lil sum abt basketball like knwin travelin dnt mean gettin N a car and goin sum where
try me
Just got back from the Avengers. It was hysterical. Go see it—and make sure to stick around till the end of the credits.
whoops. Haven't seen your tweets for a while haha, thought u went on twitter vacation or something haba
Listening to and I'm suddenly in the mood for a big ol steak. Thanks Johnny!
Its time to make it happen
I don't have it and please stop fighting or what ever y'all r doing its not good y'all used to be friends and now what happened
I cant wait for adele to sing
The Museum will share highlights of Faith Ringgold’s March 22nd visit. Stayed tuned for photos, video excerpts, and insightful quotes...
A mindless behavior chick RT if u agree
we're are the airport bar
They could have used the help when they were first starting out. So why not try to help some young musicians out. WTF is with some of these
WHAT!? she didint get to finish telling me dm!!
YW, loved reading it!
A decision to restore the $729,750 maximum loan limit on government-backed loans likely will be made by House and Senate leaders
You made a second twitter?
you have to do it and I can be a testimonial! At the very least, have them check a game out then do summer!
How'd it go today?
Romeo & Juliet head ass . Lol sorry . But honestly if the person means do much . You'll go through whatever it takes :)
Good night sacramento. Should be a beautiful day in the river city. Old Sacramento, trains, and the river. #awesome come out!
Kenny G is the Dane Cook of saxophone.
Thank you, Kirk! Have a great weekend!
your welcome! Enjoy it!
went to iHop with this morning!
You're wonderful, ! When's pub date for IN NEED OF A GOOD WIFE? Can't wait to read it.
Unruly Music festival countdown 3: composer/pianist Christopher Jones' intensely layered realization of Cage's "Solo for Piano" on March 9.
Word. RT Um, I meant doing his impersonation of Christopher Walken. I'd rather see the other thing.
I hate seeing companies intentionally cripple technology for their own misguided purposes.
i want to really know what everyone thinks of me.
Coop your on FB, Youtube, Twitter, we should go to those dating websites next!
lady cats kicked some ace
Goal for #SXSW: Get a picture with and tell him in person just how awesome I think he is.
Just decided not to take my final tomorrow. I'm dumb because I could be attending a bar tonight if I would have made this decision earlier
fire spitting w
call me I wanna hear from you
Gotta go get some basketball in then come back finish more work and then more work for unrelated work things..homework assignment
watching Spiderman part1 while eating shrimp and cookies #BestLunchEver !!
I'm a broken down man
Shaquille O''Neal announces his retirement through his twitter
About to watch the season premiere of Khloe and Lamar season 2!
I'll pass your concerns to the reporter.
Listening to howling wind and the ice pop in my glass of Jameson's.
humm...where does one find drunk people this early in the week? :)
Readyy for dis food to get done
“No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm
Am I the only person who doesn't use Instagram ?
Happy Mother's DDay!
Allegedly the Tweets the POTUS sends out are "signed" - BO
All Beliebers can you Please follow me I love justin and support him now and always follow and donate 10 cens to pencils of promise !!
twitter+facebook+youtube=youtwitface.com
And be kind one to another,tenderhearted, forgiving one another.- Ephesians 4:32
Yesterday's tweet about family math night had the right date but wrong day. Sorry about that. Today is the right day!
what up Bill?
It's snowing!
Time is precious...Every moment is a gift. -Camille Rodriquez
What in the twitter-tarnation is that?????
That's what our clock says! RT : You know what? There's a very real chance that it's beer time.
Season to Risk 1997 version in effect. Wow. These East Coast kids are pretty good!
It means people who go around acting like they think they're Hot make themselves "ugly" or unappealing to most. :)
what's that supposed to mean?! Lol
"Love Me In A Special way"
but my voice sounds so ew, yours is adooorbz.
I need plans for tonight. Hm
Got bad anxiety after shooting.. I need to relax.
we'll be there around 6!
cry me a river
Man niggas r stupid they think any bitch with a fat ass is bad lol its sad
Ah! Not again,
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for the things beyond your reach.
"No person was ever wise by chance." - Seneca
aggh man I think i got sick from take a cold shower bath for an hour while I was recreating the movie U-571
tank you very much Byron Scott
#5factsaboutme I'm 19 yrs old
Stocktwits is confusing. Why can't I sign in with oAuth? Wtf?
They without product, f*ck for spotlight.
It's funny. All these #bing ads, I'm still googling everything.
Damn, I honestly didn't think i had it in me. But Clearly i do have 1 fuck to give
Maybe this will keep him out of theatre forever, now that he has found an alternate, more lucrative career
Where is this right person? Well, there will never be the right person because of our ever-changing expectations
cool. Shoot me an email
Congratulations! You always create drama out of absolutely nothing.
LMFAOOOOOOOOO I LOVE YOU
Need to establish consensus that privacy is a societal value if we want it to be protected. Not clear if that's the case today.
You are playing in this monsoon?!?
follow back please?;D
devils double... Sick movie! Wish I had a double!
20 DAYS TILL MY BIRTHDAY!
I nominate The Firm as the most convoluted pilot in television history.
I don't want to put u on the spot, you have my addy just tweet me if you are ever interested, I'm in PST zone.
We welcome University of Kansas Medical Center as the newest Ares subscriber!
Show went good! Regardless the slight technical difficulties. Thanks for people who actually got down! \m/
@ pasadena hilton valuable training motivated speakers!
You have Magic Legs?!? :)
Mom's head is as big as a dinner platter.
Unintentional. Andrew set it up, planning to add peeps once he got the full list. I'll add you now!
Congrats to Kona pond skim winner! Snowboarding James Bond who proposed! Great story.
Sounds interesting... Is "fat jar" a combination of jar as in Java .jar and fat as in "fat binary"? I could get behind that.
yes ma'am.
Yes! ~ RT : Being on Twitter & not following is like eating a bran muffin when you're standing in a cupcakery.
ah! Makes sense why I didn't notice then...thanks!
Is your Friends group doing out-of-the-box fundraising and events? Let us know! Email to get the word out.
yay! You found me!
simplistic...1)Congress would not have folded 2) Congress may have relented 3) the Prez would wear intransigent
If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart.
Chocolate covered pretzels are the bacon of the sweets world
I dont know .-.
Have you staked out your area of the law? For what in the law are you famous? If I Google you or the subject is it easy to find your work?
Gah! Now "the company" is blocking my site at work. Does this mean I can blog about the job in safety now? Probably not.
I rage all over the map. You just rage in berea. Goodnight loser :)
it's funny cause this tweet is incredibly true....
On my way to Salt Lake City this morning and then on to Fresno. This is going to be a transformational week.
Cool! Could you please link me to that blog post about #asexuality on #House?
The Pinch: Discounts offered to celebrate Tax Day
Went into iTunes to look at one thing...30 minutes later all I want to do is buy buy buy.
Strategies when program begins, First – “If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.”
for some reason it is not showing as an option in the browser and is greyed out in the Twitter App - can you try to DM me pls?
New Report Global Yeast Market (2011 - 2016) Published by MarketsandMarkets
why thank you! :)
Love seeing the girls on #ERedCarpet!
heyy what are u doing tonightt?
Did you forget about NSD today!?
The bus ride back home . . ctfuu !
Academy Member Robert Way was elected as President-Elect for the Arizona Chapter of NAELA for the 2010 year. Congratulations Robert!
Mass Effect 3 time. Equipment packs are back!
It feels like there are 10 Rangers on the ice and 3 Caps at all times.
Sounds awesome!
I Always Feel Insecure >.<
It ain't about what they call you, it's what you answer to. ~Madea
follow back sweetheart
Whoa. That's sounds amazing.
thank you :)
A beautiful day for writing!!! I get an entire week to actually do just that. Makes me feel like a million bucks.
Thanks KUSC. We made progress today. Keep those letters coming!
Forget the bad days, think about the good times. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Eating good protein is important but so is NOT eating a ton of starch i.e. sugar.
spending my Sunday doing my many projects for school, hw and a long boring awards banquet... gonna be a long day =P
"It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!" Enjoying it for everyone stuck in the office at their desk right now! Wish u were here! :-)
let's make it live perhaps? KG said maybe in Ep. 11
The culture was manufactured by the auto industry and reinforced by big oil. 1) High speed rail 2) Huge investment in public transit.
Where can we find more info about the internship for Lacey?
Have you been enjoying ur #skeeball with ! What do you like most?
I try not to talk bad about bands, but they arnt the best! Music is our/my life so it's sad when bands like that make it big!
don't owe nuthin 2 no bodies
What does #oomf mean? Im new lol sorry
i know im being nitpicky here, but the clip vs the Ravens starting at 38 secs was from the season before. Good video though.
Sitting in fedex kinkos waiting for assistance. Both clerks are assisting customers and the other 5 customers are pissed.
agree with you on ebay, but I still think Pandora design is pretty good, at least on main music listening interface
I haven't yet read up on but as long as he's running against Eric Cantor, he's got my support.
How do I reach the stars, when I don't have a spaceship?
Hey friends! Hope you all are available to come to the show this Friday with phynx at the vinyl! Gonna be a rocking good time..
thanks for coming by for a pie today! Always great to see you getting your street food fix.
2011.09.07 #Cardinals 2 #Brewers 0 | Lose to Carpenter / Morgan loses temper too / Lose series to Cards
HAHA, damn you want swag bad! RT : anytime keep it up and tell he better not let me down :)
Stress makes your hair fall!
I have a song called "SMB" .. I should rename it to "Lakers fuckin suck"
RT The idea that Trayvon Martin is responsible for his own death by his choice of clothing is patently absurd.
my mom said i cant go on the cruise, ihml -.-
her sxsw talk is a destination stop for the people who build Internet things. "look at the novice!"
Mama. I swallowed my reading lesson and it came out of my butt and it has poop on it so we can't do it. Ok?!
Ameba is on the hunt for freelance designers! Email your portfolio to if you've got what it takes!
Hiya pal! We just got here too! *ding, dong!*
thx for the kind words. Have a great weekend!
Bored with it all, production is hard! [×_×]
reminder slides, blog posts, etc. from Accessibility Camp DC are here. bit.ly/4iZZ2y Please send your links and slides to us.
love it! Would you like a pair of tix for our Thurs March 22 show at the Aladdin?
you have just made this porno bot very sad. why do you hate me? I just want to link you to dubious websites full of malware.
welcome to twitter
my mom is not coming home today since the roads are closed. blehhhh stupid snow
Ok I'm hitting the freeway, heading to to finish their inside windows.
Enough to make me not want to look at the recepits for awhile!
ha! this is why i love you.
My mom is annoying.
I couldn't agree more. Enjoy your travels.
People who have dreams and do what they can to reach them are so amazing!
In this case the cynic is correct.
Whoa...did I just see semi-trailers flying through the Texas sky? Stay safe Texans, your newest tornado is not playing nice....
Watching The Lion King :D
hittin up the beach in MIA
My new travel coffee mug leaks! Ugh Mondays
Too often, this is the type of #misbehavior #children are learning. Does it reflect acceptance of #violence in our culture?
its okay baby. i already know
u got it girl!
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. ~Bertrand Russell
That feeling I get when you say I love you , and I know you mean it . <U+2665>
Representative A's lineup: Weeks, Pennington, Crisp, Manny, Seth Smith, Reddick, K Suzuki, Allen 1B, Donaldson 3B
how's the job at apple treating you?
Going to the chapel and I'm going to get married!
Your descriptions of Scorpios' personalities are scarily accurate. Props.
This dorito taco is my spirit animal.
What a weekend of music it's been -- It's almost like everyone "upped their game" last night at #theGrammys Very sad but very inspiring.
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What was your first job in the United States?
testing yer dress! :)
haha I have push notifications & it's my day off!! I know some but more as acquaintances
daum. you know what teacher?
Goodnight twitter!! Goin to bed...see yall in the morn!! :-)
This speech sucks!
Discussing lunch options with Texans. Consensus is In-N-Out burgers are in fact, NOT hamburgers. They dem foofy cali Sammiches
Only a few more weeks of this year's "show specials" so call us at 888-BRAUSSE to save some money on your equipment purchases this year!
Check us out opening for the openers at Jones Beach tonight with Parachute, Michelle Branch, and The Goo Goo Dolls from 6-7PM!!!!!!!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. ~~Helen Adams Keller
Love the #BeachBoys!They were my first concert.Memories that will stick w/ me forever.So good to see them perform 2night
jeremy thompson, clay matthews i, morgan burnett, jerel worthy, casey hayward, terrell manning.
Big middle finger to Chicago airport (AGAIN!) Haven't you learned that thunderstorms happen regularly & adapted some? Evolved maybe?
Who says that?
Spontaneous or bust.
is there a synonym for didn't?
bro I'm down I know a bunch of good ones man! Take an east TX to ARK tour
Apparently there's a football game tonight...
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." Lao Tzu
My daddy & brother just left. Came to visit me & Gia.
Why are stripclubs so pretty lol.
RIP James Normile paddle out Sandbridge Beach
I follow back, may not be the same day but i get around ...relax
looking beautiful I just kissed u from my phone now my phone bill will be decrease lmao ;)
You go Sherri Shepherd.
#BroadwayBar tonight...$1 margaritas all night!!! Join me tonight...
I changed my mind.
Thanks for the RT!!
Morning, Chris.
Getting older doesn&#39;t mean looking old
Hunter makes up for Hunter. Sus-PENCE-full!
uh? whatever. i'm done. byyeeee.
Why can't you?
Boyfriends shouldn't be looking at your twitter.
And you can choose your own music and TV. And work out in minimal clothing :)
RT : FACT: Despite producing up to 80% of the food in Africa, women own only 1% of the agricultural land.
Don't change the destination, change the speed with which you get there with text marketing. www.zesmo.com
I want to date a guy who's taller than me has brown or blonde hair , blue, hazel, or brown eyes, someone who's smart, protective & strong
and maybe the VB folks should just quit all together? Nice share!
Poor Colt McCoy...
it does make sense .. those are two totally different ppl .. whose only comparison is skin color .. lmao tell him i said so
Wonton soup + system software deployment + office party in the background.
Because my stupid self left my keys at home, 6 hours away, I am locked out of my apt until my roomies are done having lives.
Save it for her
I should work out but a map sounds WAY better so.....I'm out...ttyl....MUAH!
Thx for the mention!!
I just thought died while we were on the phone. I don't wanna laugh but it's funny cos the phone only cut off!
Yammer or Jive? Discuss.
Did you attend our 1pm SSO iSeminar & have more questions? Contact to get the details!
"Whatever you're thinking about is literally like planning a future event. When you're worrying, you are planning. When you're...
90% of consumers trust peer recommendations & only 14% of consumers trust ads. Use of #SocialMedia by brands generates peer recommendations!
Free labor and services at my work, computers plus, on Dixie hwy for computers checked in today... Stop by or send me a message
RT if u like the pic i just tweeted !!
Having difficulty locating an #Austin hairstylist who will give me a decent cut without my needing to cut off an arm/leg as payment. Help?
My FB wall isn't working again. Wonder if they are doing updates
I love how is accepting donations for an untether they didn't make. ( )
what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients?
“: Thanks for the great presentation! I knew I should have taken more math classes in college... #prsms” - me too!
what'd the malibu state parks do to you?
I'm obsessed lol I reorganize my bathroom closet everyday
seal pro. I would not use anything else.
When Brutus speaks, he starts with Friends, Countrymen & Lovers.
I heard you found a VEGAN place in the SF Mall Food court-That's the first one I hear of!
So hard to focus on school with spring break right around the corner....
i really don't care that it's friday the 13th. shut up.
Have courage to ask your #business team for feedback on you. Accept it with humility and grace, their perception is your reality.
Playing century for the 4th time today #leggo!!!!!!!!!!!
*shoots Trevor's dick off*
dee is killing us
Who is sure of their own motives can in confidence advance or retreat | Johann Von Goethe
And Delaware becomes the 16th medical marijuana state! State's rights!
IF WE ALL PAID OUR FAIR SHARE OF TAXES! Can you imagine what wonderful country we would have! When DID we lose our USA PRIDE OF OWNERSHIP?
Sadly, I can't claim that one. It's written in the synopsis on the back of the book.:-/
Work; interrupted.
So good! BEYOND. Keep the food recs comin'! Xo
what?! Glad to know I am not the only one missing it. I'll be there in 2013.
So has a Father's Day golf extravaganza on June 16, so you, me & Vegas have the house to ourselves!
If you take the time to tell a story...thanks Very well put together.
Waking up to conversations you could've had <<<<
I'm such a fat ass ..... All need is some banana pudding
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST. $3 Wells/$5 Top Shelf. Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix.
If there's one in Toronto I have to go.. It's only 3 hours. Ah
1) WA State has no limit on expirations, don't go to a provider that caps their patients at 1 year. Providers judge on a case by case basis.
how am i u don't know me or my family
maybe get my band Analog a gig? (:
"Love is not only something you feel, it's something you Do."
he he ou gets the int
God woke me up today. Praise God!
They would get nothing more than a mid- to late-round pick if they traded his rights.
I think of suicide but my bro nd sis need me
Stand-in gig completed successfully. Nice gig with a great and on the ball crew.
The FullContact Ruby Library Developer Challenge is a wrap, thanks for your submissions. Winners will be announced April 25th!
My droid x and I just aren't seeing eye to eye today. So much wonkiness with this phone.
speaking of which think im going to try this pintyintythingy today...
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
The awful #decompressionchamber meme from newgrounds didn't make it to twitter? :(
a movie about a newspaper reporter who becomes a columnist. Reluctantly. Lol
Working on speeding up our 3D tech. Its been running slow & we have some live courses to demonstrate its capability coming up.
I feel sick.
I hate it so fucking much when a butch don't let me finish what I'm saying while in talking and then she keeps talking n interrupting me!!
Happy birthday ! Can't wait to see you!!
great! i need to come back to belize soon!
Herrooo?? u check ma facebook? and yes .. i have no life and a big arse .. faaaack
you in my life, thanks for teaching my things, thanks for opening my eyes...Bye I love you -Emely ~take care Mark! </3~
Cookin all day..I need to clear my mind of this
Sorry - that's a delayed replay. I'll Tweet a proper live stream in a moment.
“Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down."
Nice pres at #wordcamp, "be helpful" is a great tip to keep behind every post. And, try not to buy yachts online. ;)
My G-ma Told me everything I needed to here today
we're working on it! have no fear!
Pops about 4pm RT um, just stopped by, shit was ghost town!
that's definitely coming in the future, but right now they're geared around our product. We'd love to have you come by!
women have left the #GOP ... Sick of misogynistic sexists ... Look elsewhere
Event reminder, this Saturday night April 7th "the Hostile Takeover Tour" featuring Tech N9ne & MGK. get ur tickets today and save!
Not only will my man pacman whoop ur ass but he will sing you a song right afterwords!!!! lol
Chocolate covered espresso beans
Gotta look for the apts
teyanna's account keeps sending me spam without her knowing... Thought she had sum to say lol
Thoroughly enjoyed tabling at Portland Zine Symposium today.
That awkward moment when your on vacation and find out u might move there...
Apologizing doesn't always mean you are wrong . It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego. - Danielle Simion
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Who watches ESPN at 2 p.m.?
#everymanshouldknow how to treat there wife with complete RESPECT
JSB: Are we preparing our students (and ourselves) with interdisciplinary knowledge & skills to solve grand challenges?
How / where do I get a copy of Mama Lily and The Dead?
They're lucky to have you Kelly #SUinNYC RT : interning for CAAs office in NY-so excited!
We're always glad to see fellow Chicago social media enthusiasts! Maybe we'll see you at a tweetup?
#TedCruz to #LPR2011 - Recipe to take back the country: stand for principle, defend liberty, value opportunity.
Creative friends: RT is looking for an illustrator. Do you know any awesome illustrators? Email kwalton @ imow dot org for info!
#HowToGetRejected ask me to borrow ANYTHING! I don't lend my shit out!
WHY OH WHY do the two #Princeton post offices always have such LONG & SLOW moving lines???!!! ugh!
grrr. stupid blogger! i switched to wordpress because of that (and more) - a pain to move, but way less problems.
I made bacon as part of my lunch today and now everywhere I go all I can is bacon! I wonder if everyone else can smell it too?
i like potential. and i like pilots (the 'new stuff' kind of pilots, not the 'guy who flies planes' kind of pilots)
Teaching myself how to make iPhone and Android apps.
Coffee at 7:30PM to combat jetlag- either my smartest move today, or my dumbest... If I'm tweeting at 2AM, you'll know which!
Three months from yesterday first #Packers preseason game. Awesome, wonder if I'll be able to catch it in Honduras? It is on
Thanks for following , & !
Starting a new schedule tomorrow allowing for more am activity! Now if we could kick this cold!
is the number 1 selling Fathead
She Looks Just Like Me.
cool i like that name :)
Launching this afternoon :) are you ready for us? www.cultuschichi.us
Great to mee...I mean see you last night. :) Let's catch up again soon.
Great to see you back today. All the best to you and your family.
#3WordsForYou i like you.
CAA men's hoops tourney...excited!!
We're opening a little early tomorrow in celebration of St. Patrick's day. Come see us at 3.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
Watchin my all time favorite movie Titanic with my favorite aunt in the WORLD!!!!
Exercise more? Save money for that trip to the Bahamas? Read a book a month? What's your New Year's Resolution? @ us for $5 free driving!
Its like a church revival in this arena.
Crew Love <333
TOMORROW night is #FREEFriday @ Mavericks at the Landing. If you want a VIP booth for you/9 friends, email !
Once I'm married, I'll sing my man to sleep every night.
By the way, after 14 point loss at MSU Feb 16th, I thought Badgers were likely headed for early exit in NCAA tourney
hahah maybe it was me! Or maybe just a figment of your imagination <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Finals, Finals, Finals!
the only thing to do is make the best of it! It's always a great time to get in the market!
do you by any chance remember a link to a music vid I either tweeted or fb-posted about a guy dressed as a whale, roc summer of 2009?
WPP boss Sorrell displays feminine side on US chat show - The Drum
Polish, and I sometimes act like it too #smh lol.curious, live in the city or near by? Yellow nails still?
or maybe hire a bilingual college student from UW?
follow back?
It funny when people say " I thought you were innocent but once you opened your mouth, I was wrong"
It's all about the he said she said bullshit.
Selena is my world <U+2665>
well again the whole mom, primo space fan move a bit faster than Texas ;-)
It's so awkward saying bye to your roommate's morning-after-houseguest. "Great to... meet you. See you again.... someday. Maybe."
If you thought the #DavinciCode was off the chain. Wait until you #read the DaVinci #Street Code by Cole Hart
Good luck and safe travels to the 16U & 17U Houston Hoops as they head to the Nike Peach Jam this morning!
Did her anyways...
y'all doing training day part 2?!
I think I'll write a review tomorrow. Otherwise, I'll tweet more soon!
got what? O_o
San Antonio: Rain/storm chances with plenty of moisture and a few upper disturbances. Today: M/cloudy, 30% of t-storms, few severe. high 80.
College football: It Never Disappoints!
Alexa's clickstream option RT what tools do you use to show top referral traffic sources for domains? your competition?
RT : You ARE the peers = jury of your peers...< that's scary! I'm the peer?
3:2 would be almost identical
ok I'll see u at the game
I am starving and wanna go to the beach...
But seriously, , why hasn’t Facebook acquired Pixelingo yet? It’s worth at least <U+2153> an Instagram!
Eating my Red Lobster
Co chair Dr. Jean Bailey joins the specially invited guest at #Embassy of S. Africa D.C #Freedom Day Award Gala!
We absolutely will. If you could spread the word as to why we didn't make it, we would appreciate it.
who u got in a fight Myron Scholes or
Thanks! Good to be back, but also missing Montreal more than a little. A happier city in more than a few ways.
I always followed you, jerk
C'mon! Why doesn't have a Dallas,TX tour date?!
are you streaming at all today
I'm hanging out with Christy and her sister! I think going to Del Mar and Solana Beach. Then sushi downtown. You? Box? Hahaha
WSJ is reporting that Facebook is planning to file for its IPO sometime next week.
My boyfriend loves me he gave me his coat so now hes walking home in a t shirt.
what is Soups record vs the crew? He always seems to dominate them for some reason
Have been incredibly productive today. Feels so good :)
I can't wait to be a mom and have an arts&crafts room :]]]
Love listening to bob costas. Great broadcaster.
cannot WAIT until they do Torn at the concert, that is when you find who the directioners are.
I wonder if he actually still thinks of me :/
more sharing less hoarding...MSLH... suggestions from a great session on post-colonial archives...#506 -
I sorry...mayb next sat??
The Wilton classes are great! Those were the first classes I took 20+ yrs ago, b4 I started teaching and selling weddng cakes
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow. DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and At-Large. Exciting times in DC RT
If anyone needs me I'll be in the bathroom.
Zee point, she is taken. Your best since
brother sent us pictures from his pod/cell at king county work release. It really made me miss my cell. #DidIReallySayThat?
My suite is splitting up, my academic advisor is moving away, I'm not going home for the summer... I can't handle all this
I'm sorta in love with you right now... That pin-up is epic!
Throwing in the towel
Yo! on INSTAGRAM! see you there ;)
im not sure
1st game tomorrow
"Dreams come true for those who work while they dream."
Dream Big or go home.
Love your stuff look at mine www.kidshardwarekompany.com
I am an aspergers savant, it has no capacity to remove ones gift. It does however make life more livable for children /parents
315,716 properties last month filed foreclosure:RealtyTrac. These filings include default, auctions and bank repos. Up 15% Annually.
who stole my fuckin skits?
please please PLEASE follow me I luv u guys voice they r soo pretty! :)
"Be faithful with a little."
Mad props to #ComedyUnion for hosting #KimColes b-day celebration on 1-22-12. She's back!
Banana Raisin Swirl Cakes today for National Pancake Week :D
After the write a blog post. First 10 people to write a review about the event get free tickets to the next #ChocolateTweetup!
Got plenty of tweets scheduled...went back & added some for Sat plus all the ones I already had set for Sun. Love HootSuite!
Getting Thirsty? We are .... Tequila Thursday!
Bummer. RT Bucks officially eliminated from playoffs as 76ers blast Nets.
Only need 2 (two) more followers....and then someone is getting a $15 Gift Card. Don't be scared....RT this!
yay! Can't wait!
Now that's funny!
#1 seller by days end
would you use the term?
you bet! Thanks for following us! We love our Rail fans!
its not...
holla back :p
looking forward to it.. My first hiking experience here in T-town was at Redington pass with a bee swarm and a rattlesnake.
visit me at work i can help you pick something out :)
RT : I keep wondering how Santorum feels about mass in Latin.
Thanks for following The Science Siblings!
it's hectic out there; we'll be happy to help resolve your screen printing emergency.
me too man
Miss Manners #protip: instead of glaring at me like a douchenozzle, trying using your words and saying "Excuse me, I'm in this row."
Mayhem Nation: The war of words between & has now been taken to a new level. Who do you side with most?
dynamite drop in!
true that
Not only did the front office fail to improve the pitching and defense, it looks like the training staff is just as bad as last year.
Heads up: is playing Santa Ana's Cinco de Mayo Festival this weekend.
We love when our fellow Ohioans do stuff! Preorder the new from
Case law comes from judicial decisions (precedent). Stare decisis means that the courts recognize previous decisions and precedents.
Who at Just Host can actually get something done. Major site issues for days. Your Customer Support has not helped at all
For the next 4 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: Philly, Chips & Drink $6.99
New rule: Since we all know we're graduating soon, lets stop noting every-single-thing that reminds us of this.
that commercial was the absolute funniest thing in the world... Burger King took one step up, Mary took 52 steps back... LOL...
I swear, #DonaldDriver has the best smile in the entire world! Love you DD <333
#NERCOMP12 attending "Building Teaching with Technology: Structure and Infrastructure"by BronxCC
Friends! I know ~ this Job Adventurer has been quiet.. you know us Bears (Me the Cubs Fan) like to rest up so we can Bring It:) I'm Back!
Do yall pay or let the female pay???
WTF. That just blew my mind.
Microsoft Outlook in beta trials for integration!
I'm in need of a Icy hot and a Gatorade
My dotter won third place in a local poetry competition last night--hard to say how thrilled she is. Good encouragement. Thanks, JCPL!
I don't think tht I've ever been this late to a preds game.
Don't like Austin? Don't listen to his music. Simple as that.
": HYFR ;) I can't wait => ": nice pic boo" thx suga! Are u ready for our show tonight?”" Lol 4sho
just getting back bruh, but believe me when I tell u, dat joint is Worth da Money, Avengers dat is! Now its The Money Team time
[Prov 16:24] When we have been wronged, we have the power to forgive & prevent our negative feelings from causing harm to our physical body.
working nonstop! working out nonstop! gigin' here and rhere! God Is Good!!!
lol not they've always been called dance clothes :) :O oh no you didn't, you just called me ms Gucci hochie D:
Just watched Pootie Tang from start to finish, new low point in my life.
Mark: Where dem bad bitches at? Where dem bad bitches at? WHERE DEY AT? Mr Gordon: (name of our school) LOLOLOLOL
kinda think Peter King was high when doing his mock draft, really Andy Dalton @ 8?
There is just never enough time in the day!
lol. Well thats Kowalski for you. Gee, he got crazy over my photos earlier O.O
Where are our Los Angeles peeps at?!
#ThingsThatBotherMe When you really want a sandwich, go to the kitchen and there is NO BREAD!
Adele mineswell sit on stage.. Gotta love her
Morning ... Thank Your Lord for Another Beautiful day in this Wonderful World! #iDoEveryMorning ")
Someone call the ambulance
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
loving the belt over the sweater!
I like it, wonder how "preparedness" would affect the numbers. Maybe that's an element of "control"?
tis a thing of beauty. Perhaps the most glorious thing I've ever seen.
really I just want things to be citable... and i think that can translate to attribution and maybe reputation if done correctly
I think Jedi's bury their problems internally and will all be in therapy later in life. Sorry #discussion at
smh! Boy was I ever... How are you cuz!
via : Determined to ease your minds as we set our eyes on the things that BUG you! If you have pests Please Call us at 214-918
Good to know it's the coffee bringing it out. I was wincing and decided milk alone tastes better. This could be a good thing.;)
I'm back at the zoo, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
demonstrating how dangerous it is to have uneducated people make significant economic decisions.
Your Taste Level Isn't Even At My Waist Level !
Hey Camm!! Its been awhile ehh?(:
Turn off notifications
Yay! You're here... No one has all that interesting of a life. Tweet often. You're awesome.
Make sure to follow as well. I highly recommend it!
I actually really like this idea of confecions especially for Arianators <3
Mom C's recipe for scalloped potatoes and ham. It's what's for diner.
now that's a hot pic mami.
dude wth when did tickets even come out?
amazing film!! I teared up a few times myself...
The countdown is on.
buying it right now(: <3
So I don't know if it is visible by others yet, but I actually do feel thinner.
Welcone *Lets pray*
Birk family thanksgiving bball. Forgot how angry small children can get
I despair at how bad new website is. I have to reset my pin every time I log in for some reason and the UI is awful. Fix it!
Agreed. RT : The fact I'm burning a candle purely to wax seal a handwritten letter to my friend makes me so much cooler.
The only thing worse than listening to some chick talk about her relationship is listening to some gay dude talking about it. Shut up, dude
Pissed....no sleep
LOVE IT! : YES!! It's SO sunny and warm here. Had so much fun last night dancing too.
hey you! You're sitting right next to me...PARRTTYYYYYY!!!!!
yep. Have been for a few weeks.
We must call and ask for rates... pretty amazing place.
I'm 17! Haha most of my friends have one/are looking for one :P
cooler than ice! lol
Congrats to Nashy on surpassing KJ as the assists leader in #Suns history.
okay i honestly want to wake up with a follow from you, BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD IT WOULD BE:)x
Realization: I haven't spent enough time drunk-listening to Warren Zevon's "The French Inhaler"
I want to take Laiylah to Disney World.. Maybe that's what I'll do for her birthday this year <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Please please please send good vibes/prayers my way. My best friend is in the hospital again :(
this event wouldn't be complete w/o a pic of you with a hat, cowboy boots, and a lasso ;)
What Are Parents? I Have Only One
Excellent discussion at CASC 2012 mtg from Dave Lambert of Internet2 about how to encourage innovation on our campuses
Watching Albert Brooks on Letterman. Gotta read the new book.
LS 1426 would like to take this out to say Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for your strength and knowledge that you have pass on to us.
I don't want no parts of what's goin on outside. Miss me.
yup yup yup!!!!
Did mine change...
I am thinking about moving back there at some point, but things don't look good there economically, what reasons did Brokaw give?
We are having to get off the train. The hard braking has caused problems. Now waiting for another train to pick us up.
I know we should be used to it, but I shed a tear last night. Gonna miss these guys.
I get scared so easily.
happy anniversary, dad! love you guys & miss you!
just wanna lay in bed and read Harry potter all night <U+2764><U+2614>
#Encourage someone today. Your words of encouragement are powerful to those you encourage.
Thanks for covering this.
10min to get to work traffic on westhimer...Challenge accepted
ha, yes, mustn't forget the
Weekend starting out perfect. I love my friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
only fight with people that are on ur level .
would you rather play gossip at every show from now on or never be able to say or use the word vibes again?
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Bialletti Moka. My favorite kitchen appliance. Best espressos hands down.
Less than two weeks before #Christmas. Is all your #shopping done?
44 yrs ago tday RFKs speech on MLKs death solidified he and king as 2 of my most favorite ppl in history..i wouldnt know for another 30yrs
bac could bounce on 6month daily chart support
I'm definitely planning on going. I wasn't able to get tickets today because of credit card problems. But I will be :) -g
Them Heat boys might hav a problem without Bosh....everybody was takin him for granted
Work cut out for us here
man if u don't throw some REG in that joint
"Jealousy is when you count someone else’s blessings instead of yours". Be thankful for what you have.
I wonder if me & still working out today?
It's almost #HappyHour! Make it even happier with a $1 drink. ;-)
lol it still dark :P
ill dance jus not rite now
whoa! I LOVE THE MUSIC VID WID it rocks! Tweet or follow plz! <3 U BOTH!
Squee!!! RT : Damn, no business class upgrade... At least I'm in the aisle with empty seats next to me!
cool! what year was that?
I am watching "A Haunting". So scary.
:Baby show me what you got and we can party come and shake your body and get FREAKY Baby yo quiero agarrartey yo quiero tocarte
I don't know the key to success but I know the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Thank you for the RT! Hope you're having a good day!
Gotta curb these TO's. Seriously.
Listening to 'Spit.' Speak of motivation.
It would be sweet if I could breathe out my nose right now.
Floyd Mayweather fight drives PPV buys - ESPN
Got new golf clubs today
love the man, you're just mad cause you got a B.
Branding yourself.... Have a cool name! And let your freak flag fly
LOL appreciate it!
So glad mom is gone. I need me some idol time.
Email me for bookings at
Ford Le Mans GT Raglan Shirt – Classic Race Car White/Forest T-Shirt
Did you know facebook accounts for 1 in 4 online page visits!!?? If this doesn't scream opportunity, what does?!
Witnesses at #McGovern office. Nadja Brickle-Philadelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses advocating for other moms &kids.
Our staff's safety is paramount. Our policies are built on staff/customer safety. We will not allow guns.
applies to all brands
WAKE UP!
#thatawkwardmoment when your chem teacher tells you your shorts are too short and makes you go change into jeans
Reserve VIP Sections for Birthdays, Bachlor and Bachlorette Parties or any special event! Contact 971-275-4272
RT : SEATTLE WA!!!! Tonight I will be at the Crocodile Cafe! Smoking!
Does anyone have any feedback on the differences/reach between PRNewswire and BusinessWire?
Reporter whose story you linked to.
It amazes me that, year after year, these college football teams are so competitive, and still manage to be under the cap.
You should give it a shot! You never know - you might love it!
steal some covers, share some skin.
Hello, dear Martha! Ah, I am just getting the hang of this tweeting thing myself. I miss you! It has been a long time!
Thanks to , to all the people who came out for a great night Saturday. Hope to play there again really soon.
Jenkins is pretty cool
Facebook isn't the only one making changes! Lots to think about, lots to do...
ha ha everyone says that but how has things been for you
At work getting buck
Yo Tom Hunsicker I bet u not whining about your Caps now
haha, no my only ah shit moment was nuking the website for a day and a half. Pig latin is all on the developers.
It's perverse but I miss dark and raw New England springs. Meanwhile, the roses here in Texas are bursting!
What fruit does Dade City hold a festival to celebrate each year?
instead of pushing for games close to home, he'd rather make fans travel across the country to watch in his precious rose bowl?
Happy birthday to the beautiful :}
Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL. We'll see.
Question for everyone (but esp. non-musicians): Does a $10 sug. donation for a 2 hr. sextet concert at a loft apt. seem too pricey?
ohh ok. Hope you had fun (:
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave...
happy belated btw! How is Bentley?
As always, thank you for the up close and personal touches...can't wait for the next! Kudos to you for living your dream!
Was totally dragging from a lack of food. Then I remembered I have peanut butter. I love you peanut butter.
235, m I didn't pay attention in the row :s
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR BOD: Get ample sleep! It is when your body rejuvenates... xo, Kerry
Pliny the Elder~ From the end spring new beginnings.
I always think wait till this jokers see my next car
I did it. Still hate seeing myself on camera, but the days of letting that stop me are coming to a close. heal + create videos coming soon!
oh no worries, I started to not give a fuck my soph. year as well. You never get over it
At the #VISAWUS conference with one
Alright, just for you man! RT ": jealousy is a real bitch Javier...Now write twice as much!"
How can Philly encyclopedia avoid duplicating other web content?
I feel like such a loser getting into Grind Wit Me. Having my own concert.
This evening in 1955, Rosa Parks was arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus because her skin was the wrong color. Thank you Rosa.
I absolutely love you .. <\3 Can You Call Me .. Like, Now .. Please, please, please, Please .. <\3
So excited about this posting! Thanks for tweeting this!
that's hysterical :) hmm. Now we both must wonder where its being filmed. Haha lets both go stalk some more lol
"Worried bout ya followers, ya need to getcha dollaz up"
I'll do what ever the fuck i want!
what a game.
i apologize. I was just expressing my advanced opinion on your minor-minded tweet
I want to text you so bad but I know you won't reply..
Engage, educate, inspire...what do museums do for you? Celebrate #ArtMuseumDay with free admission to the Carlos
Once in a while, include spontaneity into your romantic gesture.
Going to Florida this April :) ...hopefully
“: not really Conrad's fault that the Crew have been shut down by Suppan/Batista in the span of 2 weeks." - very true
Its getting better
And this is why I'm not a fan of cats. The end.
SAME HERE #CHEAA RT : Wish I could be there
Cabin in the Woods was great. When will this Joss Whedon associated cleverness end?
Rush Limbad didn't just cross the line, he swan dived over it and splattered into an empty swimming pool. Shameful.
Look it up. PETA ruins everything.
SIR, YES, SIR!
Well my bracket looks like hell...thanks Duke!
eBay classifieds? Who would have thought.Watch out Craigs List.
Considering his shady tabloid career in England, he sure is a "dark" horse.
it's never too late for lunch! Enjoy!
HAPPY EASTER AUSTIN<3
I'm aite... You staying out of trouble??
im up, now its time to have a good day
okay eric
#Question we are creating a new resource and wondered if anyone knows of a tool for professionally folding laminated sheets?
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
Awh I remember trying to get a reply off for years. I give up tbh :(
Seminar on using data to make your marketing programs more effective. Narrowcast v broadcast.
Great Job!
Of all the men that saw me moving boxes & furniture solo, not a single guy offered nor asked to help. Shocked at the lack of courtesy.
It's been a long fucking day
Will publish & post link to Storify thread soon. On an iPad and flaky network, so a little tricky to do.
followed and RT'd. Have aQubeey Sunday
Stop into Bayshore Mall and save an additional 25% on all women's clearance items.
They're advertising metal detectors on CNBC for those who've given up on traditional investment strategies.
Felicia, my darling good friend, you have to TWEET! Write something pithy about the craft of writing! Love You! xo
me wants ribbon
“ Ragegiving.” huh huh.. heck yeah
Remember Ashley Hollingshead from Rorschach a few years back? Her company in Portland OR does bike tour plays.
Where is Austin actually moving?
ah. the sweet smell of WiFi in the mountains
Blogging idea# What do people want from a cleaning service?
I can bring your crew thru. I meant to hit you yesterday when I got off
STOP ALL
Treat the people you love, the way you want to be treated
#QueueBarLounge on the casino floor is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
Rocking this Friday out & loving new followers Thank you!
so true
haha oh man i am legitimately thinking about incorporating glitter into my next painting... what's next, puffy paints?
Doing a brownbag on data visualization next week. Anyone have any projects I should highlight?
Please like my fb fan page (shantel R5) Thank you. :-) :-) :-)
This week has been taking forever
I dreamed about we were working out at the gym and I asked could u wait for me to get my hair done so we could take a pic.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
We want to hear! What would you like to see from #Baltimore 's #Soundstage / #Studio?
you have a boyfriend. did you forget you did? lolololololol.
NEJM Research shows that #single-payer healthcare could save about $380,000,000,000 now wasted ANNUALLY on insurers' overhead and paperwork.
we still outchea
IT WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
Oh Uncle Floyd! I'm just foolin. Pretty much anything has introduced me to, I love!
Getting ready to head out to Autzen for the Duck game today. Noon kickoff, followed (hopefully) by a ritual beatdown of the Cougs.
I put in the request...they said they were back ordered.
What are you talking about?!?!?
Pray For my Lil Bro Javon Man ...
as well as local biz who want to get involved and support those who are giving back
#BackWhenIWasAKid I used to think that growing up would take forever.
Getting ready for a new resume package to sort out for a CFO call me if you are a CFO. My packages are very professional. Jason
Wtf, I just saw this on Facebook --> "5/17/12 I love you baby" -________-
come out tonight and be energized by the art!
was that the 2001 team? Negative Ghost Rider.
I know - it's every week - another child with autism wandered into death - usually by drowning.
My LifeStyle Aint Made For Everybody.
Driving from Cleveland to Nashville on this blustery day.
That term is "Refreshing." This helps the food retain its flavor and color.
hey there, How ya been?
Thank you kindly, took long enough. My advice, if u want to peruse the job market post-graduation - keep ur job while u look
I gotta make my seperate twitter account named "DVFismymom"..I jut love her too much
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
Spoil me like a princes. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
teams that won in the big XII no less! Best conference around!
u don't wht me
im in a cleaning mode this week.
Thank you for the mention!
not you! :O
What's up section leader?
Sweet! It was still windy out here AFB, but then again, when is it ever not windy!?!?
No perfecto for James McDonald today. Walked opposing pitcher with 2 outs in 3rd.
I thought Ryan was mexican at first lol
Haters gonna hate, some people at our school are childish haha
Dude...just say no. It is TOTALLY worth the 6 year old meltdown at Target.
So True RT : How do you scale online courses that don't stink? Uninspired lectures posted online are still uninspired
saw another person leave the work bathroom with toilet paper stuck to their shoe. made sure not to tell them because I'm evil like that LOL
RT Oomf on bullshit y would u give ya digits if u ain't gona reply bak..Wtf!!!-- want me ta smack her?
lol it's just a matter I trying to make it to the finish line man!!
no double standard. 'Fair & unbiased' fox news would do the same to Oreilly or Beck if they started kissing babies.
Need to make major moves over the next few months
Today is national dance day!!
Looks like everyone is on empty. Including the suburban I front of me.
Thanks for following us!
Partying this whole weekend amd next week u go sell ya body to make up ya rent money
just watch...its getting good.
Feel like I've been sick forever! <U+2639>... watching #MichaelCollins ,,great movie
Heads up Nevada as of today, no texting, tweeting or talking on phone without hands free device
you are such a bad influence! ;) I'm now addicted to Vera Bradley! :)
Total overboard with antibacterial hand sanitizer.
I LOVE U JUSTIN QueremosNegriniconda AHAHAHH
Every time I listen to the Marshall Tucker Band I wonder if I am the only one.
It feels like I'm bout to cry but I'm not..
main blog page works fine but individual article links seem to be broken
Your ego's cashing checks your body can't cash.
One of my favorite things is having ppl introduce themselves to me when I have my letters on. Never get old!
Truth! I liked their advertising but the education/ general information wasn't as notable.
its all good
Yes, it limits the pool to those who can work for free. I've never had an internship b/c I've never been able to afford NOT to work.
I think you mean namaste
I'm facebook messaging you the story. Sorry to make you get on Facebook.
Guess this week's #AfricanAmerican Notable. He was the oldest practicing attorney in #Indiana & member of the Buffalo Soldiers. Who is he?
So I saw John Travolta in the TT and looked at tweets outta curiosity. Biggest. #Fail. Ever. Eeww, it's just nasty. smh.
AP News Alert: American Airlines and parent company AMR file for Chapter 11 reorganization.
THERE IS A HOLE IN MY SWEATER. WHERE IS ????
Mendeley, Cite-U-Like, Zotero...RT : lovely people of academia, is EndNote good? or are there better ways to manage citations?
Giants got a steal with Reuben Randle though...
Please sleep. Please sleep. Please sleep. Wait, the clowns will eat me.
Not a good day at the cash tablesminimized the losses though, bad days come too often..Check out the new "Royal Flush" shirt also!
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "I love you."
Nothing is lost for asking. <U+805E><U+304F><U+306F><U+4E00><U+6642><U+306E><U+6065><U+3001><U+805E><U+304B><U+306C><U+306F><U+672B><U+4EE3><U+306E><U+6065><U+3002>
There are street closings for the weekend for Liberty Mutual around Berkeley/Stuart St.
Be a walking billboard 1000s of views everyday - Custom Screen Printing - www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577
~I missed the today! Back to back to back meetings wouldn't allow me to stand in line today, but next time I'm on it! :(
We need Healthy Hearts for a Healthier Wisconsin
Fell in pool, saved drink.
done done done done done with spring quarter
lol if only you knew me back then bro I used to be crip walkin , getting hyphy, krump, even poppin and gliding al that ishh!
Between the Pirates and Batman and Britney Spears, traffic downtown today was darn near at a standstill. Oops, she did it again...
"Archie is not fucking Mr. Wetherby. Read between the lines bitch!"
gel electrophoresis equals
Night o:)
I need to get back in the sun. Hash tag: if you can't tone it, tan it.
Giving away Jimmy Buffett tickets to his show in Indy. Watch this morning to win! Between 9-10 on WISH TV
Love Sleep !!
Morning. Hope you're having a great day.
I hate it when I'm showing someone a picture on my phone and they end up looking threw all my pictures <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Dammit Dave! Calm the hell down. Fuck.
Doomtree: The Hip-Hop Co-Op - NPR
and u such lebrons dick for a living
Earmarks as a whole just need to be eliminated.
what movie are u watching?
Just had a caramel frapachino
Great concert tonight by Eileen Ivers & Immigrant Soul tonight in Batavia, Il as part of the series.
Exciting news: Artists and Brands has an AP for the Android! Quick, go download it now!!! An Apple version is on its way!
you bet & thank you Texas hunger fighter!
Going to get my nails done with the girls!
I don't think I know ya, but I know fo' sho', that you are beautiful so baby, let me know your name
we can go back downtown or some where else
good morning.. Oh well.. Will see!
Had an amazing day last night absolutely killed it!
Happy New Years! Make it a wonderful 2011!
Totes just submitted a review...
Or if your smart like me, just turn your Koonce jersey inside out.
Goal! Mexico pulls ahead in the 116th minute! 2-1
Good read Grubes!
Will do, tell Kayla to give me your number. I will be waiting.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure. - Zig Ziglar
Maybe one day I will know why being lonely is better
Take it outside...That's what I almost wish President Obama would do with Boner...take the Speaker behind the woodshed
Livin like Larry
Any Drupal folks online who could help a colleague of mine with an odd issue with notifications? Thanks for any help.
Heading out to Meet & Greet to visit with new editor Sara!
When was the last time you shopped local? Was it for apparel, a gift, or a unique treasure?
I would let someone kick me in the nuts if I never had to talk to time Warner again
stayed in when i should've been out. had i gone out i wouldn't have remembered to shut the power down for an hour and i'm afraid of the dark
Best entertainment bets for May 6-10
Good Night! :)
morning baby love u!
wow, good job! I want to try it!
crazy night &
Time to talk nonstop about the NFL draft. Or baseball. Whichever's more interesting at a given time today.
"Beauty, booty, brains&MORE"...I like that statement! Girl power...lol :D
New Shirt BLACK TIDE ROPE TOUR TEE
the ump involved in the Lawrie incident should be fined for integrity of the game
Uh-huh... RT : A1) I think now more than even the answer is creating your own room through entrepreneurship
Yup chipolte it is
I don't even think there r words to describe his perfection!
..if you're not by my side.
Hospital, it sucks I hurt my arm bad!!!!
Day last lets make it right
Thank you! RT : : You guys are awesome.
You can't name another group of yungins we ain't hotter than
What a beautiful, sunny #Friday - perfect for outdoor dining! What's your favorite thing about dining #alfresco? Have you visited our patio?
I just finished a 1.41 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Love the shout out to the Dice Man. #Oh!
Haha, I can dig that! I'll keep it in mind for when I do a rookie piece
Today's obsession: Mary Shelley.
I'm not, no. Freezing in Canada atm. Next up, Drupalcon.
is the language necessary?!?!?
YES! We'll figure it out! Listening to my grooveshark sweetlife playlist as we speak :)
no, actually, it's a "Well, look, the most noteworthy thing in the room is not happening on stage" review.
...and Yay to Adrienne & her team for the Children's Lit Research Collection finding aids, another CLIR Hidden Collns proj
Expectation: "Okay mom, thanks love youu too byee!" Reality: "Yeaa... Okay... Yeaa I understand.... Okay bye... Yea... LOVE YOUU BYEE!"
Let's face it, joepa died a long time ago. It took a mean case of the hiccups to finish the job. RIP
I'm having to do a presentation on traditional spring break destinations and all I can put in activities is party balls.
Can't get this sign out of my head: "We have growlers of kombucha"
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Cinco de Mayo Fiesta! Hope you enjoyed a good party and fight! :)
roswell is on netflix! OMG! But first Tron.
Vegetarians, calcium in soy milk is only 75% as bioavailable as that in cow's milk
Happy birthday to Arek of Arek FKA MixTapeLive AKA Best sports editor in the world
too many repeats!
he's our Noah :)
RT Some of the amazing kids from DC's Stand Up For Kids
I can tell when something wasn't important to someone.
It's not about knowing everything before you start... it's about starting with what you already know. Action is your best teacher!
Mavs just keeping the Blazers at arm's length here..
darn this is gonna be tough to vote I watch 3 other shows that I love on the list,lol
Wishing all screwdrivers were sonic today whilst re-arranging library shelving...
My email address is restored. Please use "" when contacting me. The other addresses still work, too. JDG
I am training for my trip to Vegas like is training for the fight. I hope I get to see him at the weigh in
This weather has me beyond relaxed!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
word! Time is a blur
is my social media hero!
Thinking about you when i don't want to >>>>>
I like Cassel as a top 12 QB this week. I'd pick him up over starting Tebow
Trick question. No way you played JV let alone two years!! Good luck vs San Antone.
The American Legislative Exchange Council will be having a meeting in New Orleans in August, and on the 5th we are going to #protestALEC!
Thank you for giving us some sweet tunes! Great event!
excellent time playing tons of new songs at Millersville Univ. - thnx for listening and taking me home (in cd form!)
Love 's yummy tiger chai tea!
Wear Liberty will be selling shirts at the Craft Bazaar on May 12th and 13th! come out for my first ever event!
Because we let them. :-(
Mrs. Ciaccia is a fucking bitch and I hope she dies during child birth.
sorry I spelt your name wrong in my last tweet! I hope you saw it though! The movie is so good and it won't get old until..never!
I Never Missed Houston More Than I Do Now...
so what r u gonna do on #cincodemayo?
hey chris where can i see your portfolio?
Yellow Cab Magazine voted us: Best Place for late night snack.
Loyalty & Being Real is hard for some people.
please DM your contact info. Thanks!
Chimpanzee trailer. >>>>>
ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE!!!!! I got my eye on YOU!!!!!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> this is going in the library of congress
cause the eggs you suck on are too rotten TWOgs
He'll learn the difference between "your" and "you're" at Vanderbilt. And he won't be at risk from pedophile coaches.
Heat has to play solid D for 24 seconds. Indiana's balance scoring is hard to defend.
You can add to your screenwriter database.
Don't go by the number on the scale, measure by how your clothes are fitting.
it takes about a week for them to look normal again... oil helps though!
Hospital with Jake
you just tweeted my best friend and im fangirling so hard
WILL U DM THAT AGAIN IT DIDN'T GO THROUGH
you're all in now!
Belated thank you!
: "if you violate we have to demonstrate".... violated so I had to demonstrate.
Unit Digitization Plans. Geek me. Let's do it!
If Syracuse loses, my bracket will be messed up. But it would also be kind of awesome to see a 16 seed beat a 1 seed for the 1st time. Torn.
#loyaltopotterbecause twilight sucks.
Hey Mister. Welcome to Twitter :) I love you!
Many of our school programs are targeted. How does AVID or TAG programming serve the entire body? Are you against those?
Happy Occupation Day! You are all amazing
cant wait to see Mission Impossible IV: ! is it December yet?
haha! Ditto (same outfit - it was the first to grab cause I woke up late - that "Oh shit!" moment when you look at the clock)
night thanks for not rubbing it in my face=] <3
awesome!! Thanks
Wife is at a horse show. Please don't buy a horse. Please.
Greatly appreciate the RT on our upcoming Career Fair in
Ha! Someone is just afraid you might decide to make dinner.
Yea sun drop girl...shake that back.
I think you're going to have to come visit us instead...
Another food truck Friday at cathedral square. #brewernation show us your beastmode and get $1 off any order more than $5
Yet again she tweeted symmetry, proportion, harmony, and regularity
Ordering a Soft Trap instrumental from Ellis
S/O to and his Clippers. Beat Spurs, Sincerely a Mavericks fan
congratulations Michelle - what age group are you writing for?
You did not see that movie on a plane, you liars.
#RT for a goodnight mention
we are meeting in the u of i conference room... last day of class at the alehouse (they don't know that yet) ;)
and you'd swoop down low only to gain more air
Book is on the different medication and nutrition strategies for ADHD. Going into some of the genetics of the disorder as well
Whats going on?
That is why they call it the beautiful game. Truly amazing.
K. As in Kershaw. Happy opening day, guys.
Anytime. I'm not afraid to admit that I'm an Olivia Hayes fan.
"The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief." - William Shakespeare, from "Othello"'
haha he's alive!!!!!
"I reaaallly have to talkn to the doctor about those meddddss..... " if it doesn't feel right it's probably not right meds.? .
right?!? It's right here in our back yard and, yet, we seem to forget that...they ARE hosting an event for #ypweek tho
wait where are you moving?
Nope, you're not alone..HaHa...I wish he even talked more, he's so funny also, I totally crack up! :)
Might be cause Berad is boring...
How long will the #catnap be between #thevoice seasons?
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish proverb
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Smartphone. Dbl rainbow Middleton
uh its saturday....uh because nuccas aint real....uh shit, just because
Thank you for letting us know! Luckily, we are currently offering free shipping at www.Clear2O.com!
Day TWO of Joe's ride to raise funds from Creative Arts Camp! Thanks, Joe!
No! Was it Stuart Smalley-esque? RT : Did you see my message on your mirror in the dressing room?
Guess I'm not going over there to watch the game
Chris Tomlin performing live on 268generation. Singing world Great is our God!!
I look like a moron in my picture... BUT it makes me laugh soo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Nice.. looks good buddy....
And my hands hate me.
Some people always gonna be stuck in their same old ways that set them back..
WOW terrible hacking from me. Thanks for your warning. taken steps not sure it's enough.
The world didn't end on 5-21-2011 so I guess it's back to work on Monday.........
"We are an urban school district- this cannot be ignored!" Nichelle Nichols, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
Not much to say about our motel today in Sanderson, TX, so no blog post. Fingers crossed as we leave this morning for Marathon
have fun but not tew much or ima fuk u up
Note to self: A road trip to New Orleans sounds fun, but in reality, 17 hours there & 17 hours back is not fun.
“: This is the thoughtful merge of myself and the outlet again.”
Awww hahaha. If you're saying I should purchase something for Snacks, I DO have an Amazon giftcard!
HEY I'm so sober #20yearssober #KarebearKyle ;-)
Thank you for your support!
XOXO!!!! Happy Valentines Day! Love, Newmatic
thank you for link!
"If you cannot posess joy in the poorest of states, you will not posess joy in the richest of states." ~ Elisha Hale
That almost sounds like the starting line of a joke... :)
Made it in to San Diego finally. Not for Coachella. For fantastic lineup at the Museums and the Web conf.
so who won the late game? I didn't watch.
It's NATIONAL DOG DAY! Give your pooch a smooch! :-) <U+2665>
I need him . . . I've been loving him all day . I'll love him more <3
oKAY sO iVE nOW bECOME oBSESSED wITH mY cAPS lOCK....dONT hATE gUYS (:
see you there!
My guy Bosh is out.. we still ridin
Student tech knowledge may look good but tech competence test much lower in readiness assessment.
Watching some Chloe Moretz videos on YouTube. She's so fantastic!
I'd favorite your tweet more than once if I could
reverb nation is like a parent i never had that thinks they know what's best for my band. i can NEVER PLEASE THEM
#Boycott for helping sponsor the hate, racism & sexism of
listening to the October episode of sound project to start the day
Without a doubt the thesaurus is my best friend.
ha RT Touchdown Steelers. "We're streaking!!!!!!!"
Dam you only came with me so you could smoke. And then as soon as I'm not getting a g. You want to leave. True bestfriend.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Mushroom. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
so true. Yet their silence speaks volumes. And not necessarily in the good ways. :)
Breakfast club to cap off a long week!
The Celtics served us in the series but playoff Wade is a whole different Wade
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's first novel. is now available in Chinese in e-book, even as Apple begins to expand its stores in China.
Honestly all I can really say is.... HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA DUMB ASS BITCH!
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
YAy! reunited with my best friend tonight ! i cant wait !
Pet Peeve: People who "freak out" when one can't handle being alone at a given moment.
my younger sister is happy about a B in health and my older sister is upset about a B in economics. the difference between #dumb and
7p, I look forward to seeing u!
& I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No Drop Off Today!!!!
Wonderful performances this month Come to Bali Hai for dinner before a show!
We're about to pour our hearts out on that stage tonight. You are welcome to share the moment....Casa Vicente, 8pm.
I will with an awesome meal today!! Thank u my leading lady:) RT": Don't forget to thank your awesome self!"
First ever state basketball title for St. Mary's! What another great 4th quarter comeback! 28-0 and State Champs, Congrats to the team!
why what happened?
try to be. Hit me up for a shoot.
photoshoots and interviews today. Should be fun.
try their lunch and dinner! SUSHI TARO serves 21 TFT menu items including the Sushi Lunch Box, Saba Shio Lunch Set, and Seaweed Salad.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
Thx guys! Great to connect with fellow #ColoradoSprings locals, too!
#imsofuckedup I almost tried taking my makeup off with nail polish remover instead of makeup remover
Went to the today. First time the animals gave a fuck. Crocodile was actually swimming around. And the cheetahs were awake!
on itunes?
I really don't want to be home right now. Wish I had friends that live nearby. :-(
haha that's awesome! :) Keep having fun!
"#Facebook rewards conversations." "Social media is a conversation." - Stratten of on the #vocus conference
Wow. Palin resigns. Never saw that coming.
with a healthy Cutler, and a happy Forte they already are!
... #whitechocolate. Enough said.
Thanks Carly for making our bad-ass caps possible. We owe you a cold one
Haha no smoke ": NO SMOKE BUD"
Bigger deal for their team? Derrick Rose or Mariano Rivera?
What was your favorite NCAA moment last year?
lol no doubt. Selling it for a bike I think
Ok someone has to explain the whole "Shamma Hamdan" thing to me. Who's she & what'd she do?
My favorite Lifetime movie is the one where the husband abuses his wife and she finally gets revenge and/or justice.
#bestof2012 concerts included ...
what u need bro
Did you know? There are 1,148,100 firefighters protecting people and property in the U.S. Nearly 700 of those are Las Vegas' own!
>>>>> WE AINT MAKE IT THIS FAR FOR NOTHING ... TIME TO PUT ON.
Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.
Transportation and industrial equipment make up the majority of U.S. exports.
My pleasure, always.
lmao I totally forgot about that movie
. no problem, anytime you need a cheering section we're the girls to call. Tough game tonight, we'll get them next time.
What disease would you eradicate if you could?
Sluts on twitter are so entertaining c: they warm my heart
because he can't accept the fact that you're my god brother ! & check your dm !
Thank you! Loved your video, too. Hope to meet you & hear you in person one day soon!
What are thoughts about #FB brand page tabs if brands switch over to Timeline? Will anyone look at them anymore?
I desperately need some cool cube decorations.
I bucket-bathed all the way through elementary and middle school. I'm ready.
we did!!!! Thank you.
great job tonight! stay true to who you are, who God made you to be. Blessings! What a platform to be salt and light!
Who has Instagram?? I'll follow you(:
Anniversary specials fri,sat,sun: $2 mochas,white mocha,lattes,chai...$1small coffee...$5 half pound flavored bulk coffee!!!!!!!!!!
i have never seen #madagascar 1 or 2...
Will do. He just defended his dissertation. Yesterday. Cave research sounds awesome. Can't wait to hear more.
You guys are too much fun hehe :) Please tell Mrs. TribLocalPat I said hello. Happy early bday! Enjoy!
such a dumb end! I loved the first one and now I'm pissed
Haven't been tweeting as much as I had planned at #AERA2012... So much going on; so little time to tweet.
Anyone going to see at / Turner on Thursday night?
ESPN or NFL Network?
same to you. I really appreciate you taking the time to talk with us. Have a great night. Go
This weekend has been absolutely amazing..
Too much pressure on D Howard
Play me on my user is alexisjansen
#yobitv Quote two of the night... "I've dribbled some water on the desk"
are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
actually, will be doing a fair in Austin that I think I'll attend. Will be their first in TX, should be good!?
Looking forward to meeting you! :)
Supernatural ALWAYS has my vote. Going to make sure everyone I know votes for it as well!
This year's director answering how does she do it?... "It's the #SkiSwap. It just comes together every year. It's just what the Swap does."
I take my road test soon
This coffee will put hair on my chest. WOW
Happy Groundhog Day! Speaking of furry animals, what is your favorite place to eat encased meats in Chicago?
Uninsured and underinsured are welcome to the clinic tomorrow which runs 9am-3pm.
That's what sellouts do. And joining the ICC board as CEO is pretty much the definition of sellout.
Rock on dude!
Just learned Andy Cohen's mom's name is Evelyn. I have so much in common with older ladies, & I should not b watching BRAVO.
Every time we buy Honey Combs & I see WeTheKings on a box,I remember warped when me n my bro saw them n got stuck in the middle of a moshpit
Hello Spring!
Oh how I love models casting day at the Departures office...
I rushed home from work and now I don't know why. The minutes are just going by so slowly. :(
:/ friggin canyon! It said i missed you and your other half, and was hoping to see you today/tonight
Kids are doing homework tonight. I had to help one think about Shakespeare. Ugh. Had to really rack my brain for that.
Yay, in case you've forgotten: nice, honest people DO still exist! Kind stranger found a check I dropped and returned it w/ nice note. Phew!
About to workout. The first time since my knee blew out more than a month ago. I said my prayers.
Finally finished Day 11 Rocky challenge. I know I'm a day behind but I'm determined to finish
Thanks for the mention and recognition of our services
Regional exam scoring idea: Shoot a cannon after each exam box is done like Hunger Games
i HATE being sick.....
wanna bet nigga
Assassins Creed Gameplay released. Must watch asap!
Perhaps an 'alternative to screen' might be a better framing than
I hate benedryl omg
I think bieber might be around for awhile, it's looking like he'll never hit puberty
Looking for PMP Certified PM's for the Lauderdale area that have experience managing vendors and large projects.
chyeaah right. last year was your best shot, Wisconsin 2-0 vs. K-State in NCAA tourney.
At the drawing board once again...
I know I saw omg GRATS your so lucky !!!! I can't wait until the day ari tweets me !
Very beautiful and amazing. You guys showcase the mysteries of the African continent like no one else!
Bieber-gender.
#GoCLIPPERS!! RT : #ClipperNation stand up! We need everyone support tomorrow night. We cant do it without you guys
Shame that I have to close the blinds in the office. It's TOO sunny in Seattle :)
Making us sweeter? Could sugar BE any sweeter?
Check out #ALLIN To End Homelessness on the Quad at 12-4 tmmr to learn about how you can do your part to end homelessness!
Any Democratic Senators in Wisconsin need a place to hide? I'm not too far from Wisconsin - you can crash at my place!
Wen my crush likes a bitchs pic on Fb and comments u look Hot,Beautiful,gorgeous,Cute I get jealous Tuhhh >.< :x..:/
Happy birthday, Christopher Hitchens. Get well soon and keep kicking ass.
Are Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison gonna be doing commercials together 15 yrs from now, the way Steve Young and Jerry Rice are now?
Who took that picture? It's amazingg! I love neewwyorrrkkk<U+2665>
Fort Worth! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Don't know him personally. Just think he's a pretty good reporter. I enjoy reading him.
There's more election fraud with GOP candidates running as recall Dems than reasons to pass the Voter ID.
Something's been missing
Airport security..... Yay me.
My memory has been profoundly comedic lately.
Ghostarmour is literally a waste of money
Alright Miami u get one more night from me then it's back to NYC. Let's see what u can do!
#orioles might as well get Gregg warmed up - game is lost anyway so who cares how many runs he gives up?
PLEASE NASH follow me? ILY!!! I was so shocked when you gave me a gutair pic.. #Chicago<3
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. -George Bernard Shaw
Yay!! The #Sony show Mob Docs/The Mob Doctor got picked up to series!! I LOVED that pilot :)
It'll be okay, time heals
Thanks for the RT :)
And thank you for the kind words!
very true
Makes sense, especially after CBS blowing the JoePa news.
Ha! Both your review of 50 Shades have me chuckling. Cannot get past the ridic writing to finish but trying...
A homepage is not a landing page! RT : repeat after me...a homepage is not a landing page. a homepage is not a landing page.
Tumblr's down! How are all of the bitter 17-year-old girls supposed to blog a vague photo signifying how much they hate Valentine's Day?
#ThoughsDuringSchool fuck you... Fuck you... Did anyone ask you?! ... Hey there's my best friend... What are we having for lunch? AUSTIN!!<3
Happy MILFY DAY
Thanks. Enjoy Endeavour's final lift off Monday.
it's really the overly high concentration of Rand and Hubbard in the top 10 that disturbs and depresses me.
RIP Davey Jones.
I just heard some of the worst singing in my life on the radio. thought is was a joke but is serious. It's called
Amazing lunch with and GWSB Living Team! Thank you for a great time and conversation!
We're not going to be adding an all-star type player into the mix
What? Your getting married?
I find their noisiness charming.
my dad's cooking something that smells like penis. stop. awsfikgwhl
New Belgium Brewing -- Fat Tire is the greatest. We need to get it in KY!
It's all good. :) How are you? Okay, I'll try that one, been to it before. I'm swearing into the Marine Corps on Monday.
cheney's heart transplant surgery amazing...that they found his heart at all! Amazing what technology can do nowadays
This is ridiculous, Washington. Get it done.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
we'd like to have him as a follower too. All #Colts fans welcome!
So is everyone seeing my avatar sideways??
You had me at chocolate chex mix.
didn't realize you folks were here ...i just finished up the facebook API class with
how you vote fam?
RT : Happy customers now.. enjoying Fresh Lenguado/Flounder for our special cebiches and tiraditos…just
Best tweet ever.
indeed. well-said.
“: Lets go #JRNation” yes yes yes :)
can't wait till your back at SFA!!!
You notice the announcers get more excited for the laker plays lol
52 days until worlds 2012! this should be intersting.
Typically, yes.
I want to believe you, but I think the super short format of a trailer allows for much greater focus on emotional resonance
We had a Blast in MKE's Fifth Ward :+D
well i will not be watching the national title game.
Making a video
That's one of my favorite places to go when I visit New York.
More on this later ;-) RT Sherburne Laughlin announcing new Certificate in Tech in Arts Mgmt at AU. First of its kind!
didn't u take it in high school
R u guys the real Madison and Mikey?
Dude, I know you're in the mood to celebrate, but don't lose your head. Call me if you need a ride home.
Stick Just Called -.-
Holy banana pudding! Happy BD, TJ. Hope it's a great one. Much love.
without his phone is like a fish out of water
Facts: The victim should use any employer complaint mechanism or grievance system available
...I don't like Skype but I think I can still access my old AOL screen name: hendrixz99. Hit me up.
do you want to do karate in the garage?
I hope he goes on tour with them.
I don't see how that is a bad thing at all. Hahahahhaha.
I know, right?! And I can't believe Stan didn't like Empire Records! Oh Rexy you're so sexy!
hope the spirit and body are feeling better today RR!! heat exhuastion is no joke.
Oh that sounds like an awesome plan!! Phoenix is better anyway :)
Why not? Everyone else has either covered or spoofed.
No desire to study today but it must be done
I Need To Be N Bed... I Have Important Ish To Take Care Of In The Am...
Vegas funnies
Fred Fiedler & Martin Chemers Improving Leadership Effectiveness
Good luck sweetie xx
If U wanna talk to me just do it
Ima ask my dad if he can take my sister and me to the plaza or somewhere since where bored :p
Checking in tonight at Spy Bar!!! Chicago's #1 Sunday night party with Chicago's very own DJ Mauricio.
Oh it's going, I am still sans job, but am going to the demolition derby tonight, so who cares. I miss you too!
#SocialMediaTip be intelligent always
Great way to end the night. Good night, everyone. <3
i care. and am impressed.
I never fail. I succeed at finding what doesn't work. -Christopher Titus
guess we're not gonna be there...
I have never been so stressed out in my entire life and I simply cannot do this anymore.
Thanks! We were really looking for some solid Irish representation! Looking forward to meeting you & hearing about your biz!
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Watching "Band of Brothers" for the first time. Weird how I needed that to cheer me up after "We Need to Talk About Kevin."
Feedfoward - a respectful suggestion for another to achieve future success targeting a behavior that they have identified as critical.
Rangers vs st loser cardinals...go texas...for my wife
notes that it is now officially considered "hot". I'm wearing shorts.
<U+2665> Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others <U+2665>
and its so hard to breathe
Wonder why people are freakin out about the hologram? Life is an illusion of sorts anyway, embrace it!
I am going through changes that Phi-phi didn't go home tonight!!!!
June and July...Body Be Free 2012 & Moni Lisa!
Best paper to read to get the information needed!
Happy New Year (I'm in your time zone :))
New Secret Life and Make It Or Break It (:
I washed it myself and nana's too yesterday.
give me a call about NYE today
No more free macdonalds .
Player A, what are your goals this year: "The same as last year: Finish 9-3, and make the playoffs!" (Wait, you are hoping to lose thrice?)
because you are awesome!
great pitch sequencing; going soft early and hard late
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(2
Nope, just worried burnt orange, blue and black are the new battleship grey
Any Good TV Series look Interesting in the Fall worth watching?
Ordering iPhone cases >>
Hey guys! Milky Joe made fresh Pina Colada today!! Come on down and make your CoCo LoCo!!!!!
Happy New Year Bison! Thank you for making our founding year (2011) a great success! Howard Football 2012 Unstoppable!
mods: describe everything. full stop.
Fine, take all the fun away.
My friend told me she wants a boob job, she said she wants big porn star boobs! LMAO I love her so much.(:
I found the timeline at The Knot to be very helpful, but beware the marketing on the site - it's a little overwhelming
Listening to Never grow up... and thinking about everyone growing up... wahhhhh
"The most important trip you'll ever make, is when you get up to meet someone half way."
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers of the world..today is your day!
294 Followers! Can we get 300 by the end of the day? Follow us & learn more about #Education for #Sustainability!
SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX now that I have your attention.... idk I just wanted to post a status screaming sex in all caps haha
I got da best followers doe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
just #ica12 for main/general stuff, then divisions. Otherwise TMI in the stream.
Finna read this history chapter smh.... why is it so long :(
RT : Late night
Still trying to figure out this whole twitter thing :-) "i'm almost there" LOL
I thought this tramp was gon give me an "A" in the class smh.... I mean I don't understand, she gave me the wink and the gun lol
SHOW TONIGHT - Beat Kitchen - 7PM - 21+ - $8 - Ben Ripani Music Co. w/ Great Divide, The Damn Choir & Kerosene Circuit. See you there!
3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before #Bears pick.
Skype soon? Miss ya!
Baseball: Canby takes a 1-0 lead after Brady Thompson's RBI single to score Mike Caruso after 1st inning over Oregon City.
Thank you again!! :) You're awesome!
I NEED A FUCKING RIDE TO WARPED TOUR.
RT : If you're not willing to be mocked, cut off, and face scrutiny for it, it's probably not that valuable to you.
8th #SDCChiHack is Scan2Chat, where you can scan a QR code to enter a chat room for wherever you are
Others who had canceled talks shows got new shows: Joan Rivers, Dennis Miller, Pat Sajak, Jon Stewart. Not Arsenio.
Its not over tonight just give me one more chance to make it right
I can't stand pushy people! The more you push, the more I don't show an interest! That's w/ anything... #Business, #Life,
you are a badass!
Seems like if you're good at gambling, you're a professional. If you're bad at it, it's an addiction.
Hey there! Sorry for the late reply. No, I was never on Judge Judy. Thank god. She'd tear my ass up.
Hello to our Eastern WA friends!
thanks for the follow. I think we can have great synergy with our interests. How does chocolate impact your life?
To be the best you've got to beat the best
fact! This is an awesome city. I know you'd enjoy the food and drink as I have.
yes Dave again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I REALLY want to win!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Ending was a little abrupt. I agree with most of your points, but just didn't love it as much as the book.
Sorry it is really expensive to send stuff to Australia. Can we do a Skype chat instead?
Hey would you mind retweeting this? > EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
Bob Evans rolls are legitimately the best things to forcefully enter my mouth.
</3 Sasha Just Reminded Me Of How Much I Loved That Guy. #ThanksAMillion. :p
A study finds that men holding guns look 17% more muscular than men without guns. No wonder hookers love the Secret Service
Waiting for my kids to come back from school to turn sprinklers on. Need to hear their laughter often today!
I appreciate that many of Starfucker's songs include clips from philosopher Alan Watts. Now that's what I call music for the mind...
dude, you just won the internet today imo.
Talked to a great fashion designer Cassie Betts today. She seems like a fascinating woman. Wants to dress a client.
I did give in and I guess it was OK!
who's your favorite soccer player?
butane already wants to be a vapor at room temperature iirc
i plan on buttering them up and inserting my oscar meyer inbetween
Thanks for the #ff! RT Historic stuff in other cities
that is genius, I gotta work on that one
Welcome to twitter!!!
Maybe I'll take my wife to Avengers for Mother's Day. I wonder how that would go over.
One Direction- Stole My Heart <3
OH YEAH!
Hey man. What's your email? I want to talk to you about something. - Brad
exciting news! we need more details!!
Eating lots of starch, flour, sugar and fructose that digest to lots of glucose (sugar) + Insulin + Fat = Weight Gain... Too!
John Riley: "Three steps to delivering on your brand promise: Define your brand promise."
S/O to my new follower follow him!
Can I get an eggroll w/that duckyouknow
Not a problem! Absolutely love your music!
the SSX Tricky soundtrack is prideful work
so i walk into class and my professor came over talking bout sea rays this weekend
Of course, you should check out Nextdoor, they are wonderful! Gotta love the good ole MO!
And since this sadaffair has taken place, it is said that he left Meryton greatly in debt.but I hope this may be false
I have a feeling it is only going to get worse in the next few days. I'm grateful to the whistle-blowers.
Haha , why am I so weird when Im tired !??
épale, pues. heard that Mr. $112.5 Million, yep, pitcher Matt Cain visits the Mission days ago.
Hi! Thanks for the follow!
Study day tomorrow -__-
ur so stupid but its kool cause ur awesome with it
I'm almost done Christmas shopping already. This is the earliest this has ever happened.
Party party
I used to believe that until working in Alaska, I'm glad God's love for me is everywhere I am.
standing invitation for you, always
Awe I look like your neck? That's precious lol you're "Precious" lol
Yes. And then the next day when I actually try it on, I'm like "How did my mind think of it as matching?"
Written across my favorite t-shirt: "#Skydive, not to escape life, but to prevent life from escaping." Best #experience ever!!
hi stranger
Thanks! We appreciate the compliment. If you ever need help, please call us at 800.311.5656, press 1 for support.
#WBWednesday An amazing American woman, Madam C.J. Walker. 1 of the most successful self-made 19th century businesswomen. madamcjwalker.com
Watching 700 Club
As annoying ESPN's coverage can be, their documemtaries are very good.
I'm not worried about any of you #lames...don't get mad I called you by yo name either bitch!! Its all love at the end of the day.
y'all got SWAY
My heart hangs heavy for those of us here, while it rejoices for God that has an amazing talented angel. I will miss you Gray Collins.
Made my self Mexican eggs and French toast. I love that I can eat normally again. :]
I hate when subs get in you shit do you see this phone in my hand with Twitter up? it means I ain't listening
is so damn fine you need to follow her rt now ..... the first 100 that do I will give you a s/o
Not too early to make your summer plans! Register for Lovett's American Studies Institute summer workshop before March 30 and save....
you ok? prefer to direct message me?
Another one straight from the GOP debate: boots on the ground.
the blog is totally down, or otherwise unresponsive. Bo!
- Soon. In the next few weeks.
which version? The studio or pro or tour?
can I get a birthday reply/retreat from The Iatola of RockinRolla? Goldberg still fears you!
My vagina hurts -.-
Calia, back on the stand, recalls that #DiMasi was confused by the Globe's 2008 inquiry into his relationship to Cognos.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
as uw fan utthoff thing is gross BUT unlike most coaches bo does not run under performing players out of program. See crean, izzo
Totally deserved, no doubt. The universe is a vengeful bitch. :)
So excited! As a founding board member for new blended model charter in Indpls, submitted application this week to IN Charter School Board.
A Tupac sex tape has surfaced. Think I just threw up a little bit.
ER with leg pain - patient with mental health issue screaming, why not move her? Hospital needs to treat sensitive patients more
I feel like I just found out my favorite love song was written about a sandwich.
I agree with Rachel. How do I become an extra?!? I would kill to be a zombie in WWZ. Haha.
"You gotta hydrate to gyrate." -
I wish would man up to his bet. He just knows he's gonna be losing that money.
I wish I could!!
amen girl !!! Men just haven't gotten it together yet! Lol! We need to go to ghost bar sometime!!!
Don't take it personal Luv. It's just twitter. #unfollows are not the end of the world.
Enjoying a brisk day shift in the City of Enchantment. #brazosport #ER Lake Jackson.
RT : Big news for my friends at #Inmagic! RT : acquires our special library products. bit.ly/vVkbLX
Back to Paoli Peaks to ski for the first time since eighth grade...don't even ask how long ago that was for me! Happy Valentine's Day!
A simple thought: If ESPN ducked into the 2pm ET hour 3-4X and said "We're trying to confirm Seau reports," no issue. 70-min blackout: issue
Sorry to hear about Derek Boogaard... My thoughts and prayers are with his family, teammates and loved ones.
Robin Murray: if we can re-envision cataloging as "registering nodes in a global web of data"
Awesome, congrats on a great looking site. Nice to see more architectural heritage projects using
I feel like u should never b at a bachelor party talking about malbeck
thank you!
Great article! Best of luck in your new venture!
#SignsAPersonCan'tCook--> How do you turn on the stove? - ___ -
Watch "The Commission (I Am Citi Boi & Dub-D) "Miss Me With That Bullshit"...
600+ more traffic accidents occur in WV after #Nascar races (typically 5 days) #massmediaexposure via on
Thanks for the follow! Love the harmonies!
I am to done... Back on Twitter.
Tips on using Twitter for real-time reporting at "Tweet It Now" this Thur Feb 16, 6:30 pm at Studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 others.
Don't know if I'm going over there
“Success will never be a big step in the future; success is a small step taken just now.” ~Jonatan Mårtensson
Anyone have a favorite "how to" video? Good or bad instructional video from YouTube, etc? Gathering examples to use for class.
New poll expected today from Marquette U researcher. Interesting to see where the recall candidates fall.Polls have been all over the place.
Just saw your ESPN story, all the best for you and your family!!
#10ThingsIDislike Reading the books we get assigned in English class.. #1984 #TheStrangers thank god for sparknotes
- WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray to a debate. This campaign is far from over...
I miss Chris Farley.
Hoping all is well in Oakland. Missing in Athens.
RT : darling, you always crack me up! )--I keep trying to divine the future by studying the PowerPoint entrails....
Ahh so excited for the game!
Jeremy Lin sitting at the end of the bench
Honey, NOBODY knows anal like mormons and, no, i cannot elaborate.
THE REFS BEEN CALLIN BS IN THIS YEARS
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
everyone has a story
Bears are a big disappointment smh
I know l imma try lol
Idols promise but can't deliver.
Cough cough.... RT " Not removing my USB safely #YOLO"
“: Who's your favorite Wildcat of all time? #BBN” definitely 7 threes in the championship game sealed the deal
Last random thought: My productivity in life will increase dramatically, now that I have seen every episode of Game of Thrones.
All right, Walking Dead, you got me. I'll be back.
Playing U2 Beautiful Day and it is...
GSA Members please help support this Cause! :P
Bike commuting in the wet and cold is not so dreamy. The upside...I see a shopping spree at REI in the near future!
RT : New Beatles cover for " all you need is #bewbluv "
Well... Looking!! Haha.
wow that was the worst interview I ever seen on TV ever regarding kardasians with Jill interview.
I dnt have no service in Monroe.
RT : approved funding totaling $3.36 Million-pledging to create 168 new jobs & retain 1,421 existing jobs...
A very peaceful, rainy day.
you only live once ? =)
do you know how much the WM28 tickets are?
what happened today??
lmfao I hate you
I've admired you from a far, And I've wished on shooting stars, But my dream hasn't come true, That means I don't have you <3
I've developed a like/hate relationship with We're not on good terms today :(
chemistry grade? I'm slamming her HARDCORE during that teacher evaluation.
recommendations for a basic gym membership around wallingford??
Me too. Have a great day!
should have a short article on it, and i'll link you when it's up. thx for the RTs
amazing weather <U+2600>
just bought 's new single 11:11 and i love it!! <3
The Walking Dead just crushed me... Can't believe Dale died!!!
Just for you and Zach #ZachAndRobertAreHereToo !!!!!!
and #ifyouknowmeyouknow that #iknowthatyouknow that they will always be the #bungles until Brown leaves.
Aw they made it? told them to pay you a visit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> RT : I got Blue Jays in my backyard. How about you ?
I have a man crush on Mario Chalmers and I'm not afraid to admit it
When you accept somebody, you accept their past too. Don`t hold it against them later.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I love someone special, And it isn't you! Haha! Just kidding! Love you all! Merry Valentines Day guys!
I Love You.
its hot than a Beast
Happy International Women's Day! Celebrate the women you love and the wonderful things they do!
Test driving Camaros today.
10 days until Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Fully Charged Circus!
That's awesome! Seems impossible but once you get past the hump its fairly easy. Give it a good 30 days. Expect some withdrawal.
Ate a bowl of my famous chili tonight and can honestly say, if your chili recipe doesn't have habaneros or pepperoni in it, it sucks!
i don't understand why Tre keeps selling stories to magazines cept for the money, she's not helping matters...
I'm so exhausted. I don't wanna get out of bed but my bet is that is probably a gorgeous day. Idk if I'm ready to face reality today.
right on!!!
and her dancing career. Linda's got Talent.
i'm just now starting to see how that could work. maybe it takes a few years before getting comfy w/ the awkward?
: I heard she's a drinker ===> : I know a really smart woman with awesome #business advice ... :-)
Love is what you've been through with somebody
Yay college visits tomorrow...
Learned the hard way that bottled black cherry juice tastes a lot like beet juice. "Black Cherry Juice: It's Good! (In Theory)"
I heard they suck....
not easy, not easy...
do u ever wish u could have anything or anyone so much u start actually trying to make it happen
Awe! I cant wait to see you without braces!<3 I still have until July!D:
Holy crap! That is awesome.
well the random arm in the corner is sharp. It is artistic.
I hate my ex I wish she would move on
Can't believe it's the last day of Avenue Q. It's been such a wonderful run and truly a privilege and joy every night.
The person that can get us the most likes in the next 24 hours will get a hand full of stickers !
happy mothers day love! & congratulations graduate! I'm proud of u!
This is why you are our official best friend. If we ever go to Philly I'm getting you a beer and a The Pushers cooler
I went through a very intense dolphin phase when I was 9. It was a dark time for me.
Dmv at 2:00 and getting traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets, ask me how 702-882-6007
Dear Students From My High School, Stop Fucking Dying, It's Lame.
Hearing Tirico call "Touchdown Washington Redskins" gave me chills. Sounded just like Frank Herzog.
Wish I had started using sed earlier. Nice way to make sure you don't mess up changes. Using it in a git repo makes it almost foolproof.
It was the loudest one to date. My demons now play the electric guitar, I was so afraid. Anyone else suffer from sleep paralysis?
We're sending a response tomorrow about the inequalities of the story. Absolutely no merit to any of it.
well it looks like you will have to save a spot for yourself this summer.
Thanks for asking. We're in the process of reorganizing. Check our Facebook page for updates. Cheers!
I just gave a woman $700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
excited to try with tonight! oh what will i get??
Lol. Not friends.
Amem & Thanks Dave!
says "It's going to be a world of people who write code & those who don't."
Jay will thank me for this later.
Nirvana is one of the best bands in history
yes. we're coming to the wine soak if I don't see you before then.
My tweets are all over the place this morning. I guess it's been a while because I have so much to share...
Remember, you get out of life what you put into it!! Everything won't be easy but it's how you react to set backs!
How about just 4 hours?
We wish you a very happy holiday and a safe new years. We look forward to a great 2012!
- Can't To See How all MY Babies Look Tonight!
let's keep on hoping u can make it down! Or we get out butts up there :)
Wishing I were with my mom today, but no. I'm at work, with a bunch of other people celebrating their moms.
Ooh, books! Cool!
2-put up with all the stick I'll get
what about tattoo parlors? Sputtering neon errors, pawn shops, motels housing bitter NYC journalists, etc?
hey dudes, that's embargoed until 2 p.m. Or at least it was.
Suns are rollin'
cam newton
that's where many cities are ultimately regressing to become.
If it wasn't for you, I would be really happy right now.
We'll be at the Manhasset Spring Festival this weekend! Come out for giveaways and to learn more about us &the future of
LMFAO concert June 15.. Hell yes
oh yeah. Come for the judgement, stay for the creepy drama. I hate that I love to watch Sister Wives. Ha.
ok! Write write write that paper boy!
Teen mom finale is a train wreck. Love it.
The Bulls bench is deep as hell!!!
We got 50 likes!!! Let's network and get 25 more by the 1st of August!!! Love the Love!!!! SALUTE!!!!
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
Yes, I see the Sox are losing, congrats on winning game 11 of 162. If someone has the game and DVR, will you please rewind to when they...
Also picking the right fight. Everything doesn't need a war.
“: Really don't know what to say about halftime ceremony. Incredibly surprised by the booing of Lacob.” cc:
Pleased to hear it. Congratulations.
MacRae, what are you talking about ?!
okay, i won't then... idk i'm gonna let it charge cos it was dying when i was in the middle of texting you.
RT : But it helps to tweet about an event at least once a day and RT others. ..@ different times.
New Designs for PhotoBiz Flash Portfolio, Blog and Store Sites
RT : 90% of what I try might fail, I just keep the faith that the 10% that works makes a HUGE impact. :)
Monday nite Trivia Tuesday nite Jazz Every nite: The best beer & whisky selection in town!
Let me know if there is anything that you would like to know about Directv.
.: Do you think John would have been on ? What do you think he would've tweeted about? HappyMomsDay.
I love it when people tell you how much they hate someone and then they put pictures of themselves hanging out with them online.
My real friends are at dance.
But most of all thanks to all who travelled to Nashville and cheered on the #CBJ win. Awesome trip!
Just got done playin ball w/ and now coolin down :D
#Republican #Vampire #Economics! Tax breaks for the rich and suck the blood from middle class, old and poor. Nonsense! Call them on it!!
Tweeps show us some Facebook love too, like us & check out all of our celebrity event photo albums!
Mark Schwarz and Espn. You better be right about Bernie fine. JB will be firing equally hard shots at you on every radio show in the morn
Not feeling well :s flu's getting worst ! D:
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.-Douglas MacArthur
Who doesn't!
“It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.” – Jim Rohn
lmao, guys n their fetish's x3
Where is all the snow? Not a fan of this rain at all...looking forward to the sunshine in Brazil very soon!
Hard at work- and about to enjoy a coconut milk yogurt with fresh raspberries. That's the way to start the morning!
You'll have to stay tuned! =)
Does Las Vegas inspire you? How? #Vegas #Las Vegas
Let's sizzle the airwaves tomorrow on your show, Steve. Looking forward to meeting you.
for sure, a night for the record books, drove around Louisville until we ran out of options. We made the most of it though
Father's Day $2.00 Rainier pints from 4pm on.... love our dads!
On another note, I am happy I know where I stand with people
I think you have that backwards
We are so soft. If Novak is going to get a foul anyway, chop LeBron's wrist.
Thank you so much for sharing!!
all yaw can
Words to live by. I don't admit to anything ever unless under duress from conclusive DNA evidence. In which case I run away
That would last about 20 mins at my house.
Pollack decries intersection project near shopping centers The shopping center magnate calls the road work ''atrocious and unfair.''
Mike Krzyzewski surpasses Bob Knight for most wins in men's Div I history with 903, #Duke def. #Mich St
This is for the OnDemand stream at least which in theory should be completely fine now.
IS IT EASIER TO GET OVER A BROKEN HEART OR THE DEATH OF A LOVE ONE
The smell of coffee in the morning >>>
Huh, that's pretty funny information!
So excited about the ORIGINAL Houston Flamenco Festival! Never to be duplicated! Launched 2010!
Do you think about me, the way I think about you.
- aaay , why jerk :P you asshole ..!
Aw!! So glad I saw you too! Hope you had fun!
Lol well something about a brunette nw
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
Damn my birthdays on the 15th:o where the hell is i miss making her smile and laugh
And feeling has returned to my face just in the nick of time!
I want to kill her. she irritates me SO much!
And I know you're not afraid to use them, either!
Fun gig tonight with Hamilton Price and Clayton Cameron.
S/O to my team and all members
So i got this new hair cutt for this photoshoot and to try something new....at 1st i didnt but everybody fucking wit so im flexin lol
Checking out new Caribbean Garden exhibit at New York Botanical Garden. Yes, it's sleeting and I'm looking at orchids. Jealous?
u welcome....
I'm so tired ;( my owner left last night for a fair.. That's when I brought in a cute bassett hound from across the street ;)
not answering my question.
RIP Dan Weldon!! Godspeed Dan... Very sad day....
Who you liking more for Week 15, Avant or Manningham?
uh yeahh, and when you win the show you on the show most times so gotta win.
Happy birthday to !!!! Love you! XO
True True But BITCHES Love it lol
Thanks nope single
finally a day without homework thank god
Choreographing a "Go Away Rain" Dance Native American Style. Anyone is welcome to join in
finally found a McDonald's with shammy shakes
Did you know that we're open until 7pm? Stop down some evening after work.
Those are some hot shelves! Now fill them with hot typography and design books!
Who on twitter lives near buffalo?
Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!! Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!
I is sorry that I had I clean my room <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Anyone know a good place to watch Breaking Bad online? Need episodes 1-4 in season 4. I miss Walt and Jesse
Nomar was part of the segment?!----the guy who sulked on the bench back in 2004 against the yanks in that epic game....ironic.
lol id be more motivated to get out of bed if my nigga was holdin his own....
Good for you! Congrats!
I have a lot of trouble not freaking out when people trap me in a corner on the subway even though there is plenty of space to avoid it
then again I don't have all of the facts.
4 more days until it's my turn to play
Good morning. How are you today? No really, how are you?
#Ireallywant to go home!
What are you doing?
Make you play with the stick Ovechkin. Appreciate that ... let's go
Who wants to move to SF and be my roommate? Hmm? I can assure you your life will become 1000x more awesome.
#mithril is probably my favorite hashtag. Also, the silliest.
I don't care if it's raining. Taking a cab makes me feel lazy.
Follow us on twitter:
's ears must be burning. I've been singing their praises at #nafsax for making our regional website transition so easy!
damn settle down over there!
Biz op in Tulsa! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Well, I guess its about time I start my homework :( Killah test tomorrow
Hope everyone has an inspiring Sunday!
ugh. Almost. Damn it.
If Rep. Schmidt loses her primary, it would be the most shocking primary upset since now Rep. Roe beat then Rep. Davis in 2008.
#OWIF: "I and my companion, Randyl, merely wished to see who climbed aboard our society's boat. You see, something smelled fishy."
I hope Secret Service are behaving over there
A little Nascar....a little Indy....a little Vegas.....hm......
hugh hefner has the slip and slide that goes down the hill on his back yard at the mansion
@ the Library: I just sneezed HUGELY and scared a patron. whoops. Blame the pollen.
this is true.
Can you please give me more information about your may event so I can post it and get my members involved?
Looks like I am having an offsite by myself.
Thanks for the RT Greytdog. I've had several responses, and I think I found someone in Anchorage who will help me. You're awesome!
The Jerusalem Post: material and cultural loss of Armenians was enormous
We're at booth 1112. Come see all the new books and say hi!
San Diego in a bit ;*
Down at the Georgetown waterfront labyrinth working on our #dance is the answer piece with local artist Jenna Buckingham!
TY! RT : "Turnberry Isle Miami made each and every one of our guests feel special."SH
I hear ya...me too.
what??? How I do that
My lil bro killin this rack city. I'm might gotta leak that b!!! Lol
Sean Hannity is a racist bitch!! How can you be on the air every day hatin on Obama 366 days a year. I hope he loses his vocal chords.
My brothers comin over and fat ass asked me to fry fish & potatoes!! ONLY cuz I love em
They call it Valentine's day, I call it Tuesday.
Omg i havent been on this thing in forever....how does this even work! Lol planning on watching degrassi 2nite wit all my buddies! again...
fair enough - vegetable/fruit juice suspension and smoked tofurkey, onion, sprouts, spinach and munster sandwich
Love how preaches droid > iPhone yet everyday from him and I get random old texts bcause they have to turn phone off
Yeah, Brad Wing. The 31 teams that don't pick Brad Wing next year inherently suck.
what are some the advantages and disadvantages of the school budget
I can!! RT “: testing testing, can you see this?”
I think it's hilarious that the LA Kings are leading the series 2-0 against Vancouver. I'm a Bruins fan, what do you expect.
depends on the week and some other factors. Wife is pregnant with our first and we are learning a lot.
Take a seat Mendenhall that was a nasty hit Nada!!
Stop lying about me...and i'll stop telling the truth about u.
I was happy at first, then looked at the calendar to see it's 2012, not 2006.
SUHWEET. Awesome to know for after APUSH exam when we want to do movie analysis but don't want them yelling out.
avengers, knicks are about to get finished off
TMobile should hit the million mark before the weekend is over!
my dumbass went all the way to work thinking i had to be to work at 9 this morning
let's go C's!!! Gotta do work on these sixers!!! #Celtics #RoadToTheFinals ....
So. Many. Things.
What does it take to get a possible post on your site?
CURVES ROCK!
will tix be available at the door tonight?
Thanks For braving the cold weather Metro Center Ficellenians! See you next week!
Doing my MIL's taxes today. Joy.
Lavender cupcakes and flowers are what May Day in Seattle SHOULD be about :)
thank you so much ! I really enjoy painting them :)
It is a great time to buy in Las Vegas!!!!
trying not to be two serious :)RT: Sounds serious. RT: Sean from outside Detroit, learning about XML this week
dat rock. he got grills nowww.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers. Rudyard Kipling
I really wanted to meet you and your adorable dog last night in chicago!
Nothing to do. Quiet house. I need something to do.
Follow me, I follow you. Unfollow me, I do that too!
yeah I'll hit u up if I get one
Rob Lowe said literally on "Who Do You Think You Are?" teehee!
We finished the d3hotel if you want to take a look at it
Adding content to the new and improved website,look for some sneak peaks of new music from
Amy will be in Dallas, Texas Feb. 18th and 19th, not for a concert, but for her son's state chess tournament.
Happy Intl Women's Day! "Let us reaffirm our commitment to women’s rights and move forward with courage and determination" -
This girl wouldnt shut the fuck up and i had no chloroform so i just took my shoe off and held it over her face worked just as well
No network will do a deal w/sleazy boxing promoter or pay the $$ they want. More $ for promoters/fighters this way #care less
I read a lot of "poetry". It's nice, every now and then, to come across poetry (sans scare quotes). Thank you.
Indeed, but we LOVE college basketball (we might be a "little" biased)...
thank god. If you said no my second choice was Tom Aldana.
RT : dont cry in your beer, you'll just be watering it down...
don't be so glum :) its temporary!
My face hurts.
... but there is no excuse on the planet for throwing your helmet at (toward) an umpire. None, never.
My demand gen team has seriously been talking about how to run a FB dating campaign for me and for a coworker for 30 minutes.
I'm not sure. Let me ask
thanks so much hun! Have a wonderful Sunday!
When a girl says "WHAT?!" It's not cuz she didn't hear you it's cuz she's giving you a chance to change what you just said
you all fucking annoy me with your drama and it's gotten to the point where i would rather stick needles in my eyes than come on twitter.
"Live in your strength." - My "Yogi" tea bag quote.
Not in the greatest mood ..
i would do anything to sleep for 1 more hour... i got 3 hours of sleep last night.
RT : Free comedy show & pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth & More!
This day couldnt get any worse can it ?
Ah cant wait for friday!!! 3 more days !!:)#BingoPlayers!!!
hahahaha right????? He's such a clown. I say clown cause clowns fuckin suck. Fuck clowns.. fuck bill o'reilly too.
Attorney Bus Dev: Become a trusted advisor. Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.-JW
yes sir
I kind of miss being in a relationship.... Having someone to love, cuddle with, laugh with, && stay up all night caking with.
oops!! Real smoky in there too.
Don't you fuck around about Hobbits! I'll kill your ass!
in lieu of flowers, please pass healthcare.
did you seriously just use yolo?? SERIOUSLY. wow.
Man those Doritos tacos are great!
It's *so* good! I want to go see them at a festival in Montreal in August... You should meet me there! :)
If you have cold, MODERATE exercise with increased fluids can actually make you feel better. Don't exercise if you have a fever.
Muahahaha I beat ya to it! >:)
Come out 2nite -> #OrlandoaLive at #TheSocial 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & "care-give share" table !
Damn typo I mean him lol
People talking about how they want love at 14, 15, 16, and 17. Baby live your life first and love will find you!
Seriously Myers?
When I read tweets about a decomposed body discovered, I immediately lose my composure.
#High Money The Mixtape!!!
Yes! Let's do it. Mine gets in around 11:45. I'll meet you near the taxis, and I'll wear an orange UT shirt. :-)
Spurs are good. But the Thunder are way too athletic for them. But I don't think they can guard KD, Russ, or Harden.
because Taylor can do whatever she wants
I always appreciate supporting projects by people who have themselves supported projects in the past.
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. (Proverbs 17:22 NIV)
party tonight. Need to get out of this apt.
Thanks - I have not seen you at any Dulles Chamber events. Have you been around lately?
work and strees and no ride happend i have no friends left :/
You're welcome! Nice to connect - and you'll love #smcsea. Great crowd, great friends to make.
LOL! Seriously?! xD My last day is May 24th. We only need to come back if we have a test or something xD
Or "Let's Have a Civil Conversation about your Redneck Past and How it Gave Me an S.T.D." Box office gold!
Giving my 111th tweet to <3 love you Austy.
CAnt B MAd At Someone When U KNow You've DOne Dirt to. KArMA Comes BAk. Fast. Especially For ME.. I dont ever get away wit Shit SMH.
i hate when you make plans that never happen
No! Bummer. I wanted that to be good. And did I see you in the #Illusion this weekend?
wades gotta come back in ready to take this game over or we just might be in trouble..we look rough in the post we take bosh for granted
we love having you here! Hope the whole situation smooths over.
IS SHE YOUR GRANNY GREYSON?!
Never thought I would say this.... But girl, YOU UGLY! You should go and hide your face to save the rest of the human race from sudden death
I don't get why everyone and their mamas hate on Kobe. Give the nigga some props.
haha thanks!!!! And will do to both of those things!
Some awesome performances on The Vigil last night. Thanks to all the performers, and everyone who braved the rain to come check it out.
Tasting the wines/foods of Italy's le Marche region w/ historian Francine Segan at the Princeton Club.
Wassup, yuh still got mi a plate? Mi hungry enuh :]
Love gazpacho! What's your favorite recipe or version?
Driving across AR is very slow going on interstate 40
Where is a good place to watch the fight this weekend in #DC #Arlington or #Fairfax?
We have FREE passes to a preview showing of from #HBO. See our last tweet for the deets.
No public ones scheduled, but we do private training if your employer is interested.
I was an emotional wreck today. Oopsies
Hate it when I see a truck like mine - only cooler.
In honor of the big game, our football shirts are 45% off. Have some football fun! www.brewcityonline.com
I'm all pills and legs.
I'll take the fall, I reckon...
yes that face . theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is
Were?? As in Past tense??“: omg you were so cute!!!”
Good wine is a necessity of life for me. Thomas Jefferson
i need suggestions of my first tat...idk wat to get
Calista needs to get her roots done...
i hate being woken up cause a dog fight broke out in my bed<U+E421><U+E416>
CARTER 4 IM GOOD I GOT YA BABY MONEY
The upside is, maybe, I don't have to pay for it.
Work flow!!
What's your favorite animal?(:
#2012wish: To gain weight.
Agreed. At the moment listening to Tom Rindflesch discussing Unified Medical Language System developed by NLM/NIH
“: Taking photos for first album! #newcountryband”. I'm so excited to see them :)
President of UMBC is on NPR right now and stated "You do not have to be rich to be brilliant!"
Special thanks to Mark Keefe at for emceeing at ! "Don't drink and Trike!"
fo sho get some rest see a doc if it continues
I was fine just a guy living on my own, waiting for the sky to fall
dead serious! We can take 4 classes! I'll find out when it expires, cause I bought in like November
ONE DIRECTION MAKES ME SO ASSKLJ BROKE.
Looking forward to tomorrow :)
I would die if you said happy birthday to me! (:
i miss the days when people actually wanted to do stuff... & not just drink.
are you available to speak in my class this spring on SM and sports promo??
My kickboxing class kicked my ass. As soon as I get out of bed I challenge all to a duel!
dude your my hero, hope you dont go to jail
I know right! I really want to go to that concert! :)
What's the world doing? Anyone have anything fun going on tonight?
Sorry I haven't been on. My teacher decided it'd be cool to take my phone at school today and turn it in to the principle til tomorrow.
won't there be a long line? sorry for asking too much, its my first concert lol :)
"It's the fucking meesy mice! I swear!"
Everybody watch #WTAE tonight for the news on channel 4... there's a story that involves me
Bye Bye Bulls! You and
I'm sorry what stuffed crust pizza?
It will be Bev and Lance and perhaps PRINCESS LILY! on this Sunday! please pop in and tell us what!
Yeah, introduced me to too. Great stuff!
The kitties, however, seem happy to have a clothes playground! :)
Interesting how every time I stop to get a room,only the presidential suite is available. Repertoire
Powers out in pb. Weird
"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words may never hurt me." Isn't true. Words hurt. Just takes a strong you to not listen to them.
we really do need to go out soon!
atleast we know the pacers should have won...
my favorite person to follow
of course !! #Delena and #chair forever :D
We are looking forward to reading your tweet fellow traveler :)
LGBT Family Group Praises Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand - Broadway World
Sad to say I didn't make it, a coworker did for her birthday
And now we're stealing the car,And we will drive to the stars, I will give you the moon, It's the least I can do (:
I think he needs snacks, too :< RT : ron paul do you need a hug
Death gotta be easy, cause life is hard.
DO IT BIG PIMPIN!!!
I love all da movies ur in u crack me up
It should say ZD <3 JV RT : I want a custom license plate but idk what I want it to say... decisions decisions.
Um soo he did not text me today blah ugh :(
Very cool! Scoring algorithms everywhere we turn....
Nothin' like a real NY "everything" bagel, and it best have salt! Gahhhh...
Who's your favourite youtuber of all time?
Thanks and - will keep you posted. Hoping to avoid last minute curve balls.
*phew*… Still trying to piece together funds in the event you find me worthy - the source of most of my immediate stress.
I rarely use my library nowawdays but I just checked and we do have an online magazine/newspaper database. I just need
LOVE IT - couldn't agree more!
Big River tonight!
Just left the offices to catch a ride with were still hard at it.
You should talk to He did both Livingstone & Archimedes spectral imaging. I believe costs falling
Blues at the Bluseum this Sunday starts at 1pm! Bring a picnic or get your food and drinks at the balloon museum! Tix $10. Gonna be rockin'!
#mysuperpower I wish I could play every song ever made. Just by hearing it.
Hot guys at the gym make running six miles totally worth it
New YORK!! American classics: opera guru, Robert Ashley, tonite @ St. Mark's Bookshop, 7pm.
I'll take it:)
My friend Jeannie just told me about the Bar Method. Are you going to a class?
#HowAboutWe; do what really makes us happy?
sittin' next to some bitch ass nigga
They didn't even put up a fight.
Brrr!!!! It's getting colder! Have you bought a new coat yet? RT if you have!
Thanks for getting back to me.
she needs to
Yea, I know. It's too bad that we aren't in Idaho at the correct time! What a shame! :(
Can I cast them or what? I think they should hire me as casting director. lol :)
Never mind the cash, I don't have the wardrobe to pull off
- Thanks for the RT. Looks like it's getting chilly where UR. I trust you're getting your thermals out of the closet...
ok, Atlanta Branch NAACP. Meetings are monthly at Nt. Ephraim Church, usually second Thursday.
Horace Grant is up their in that pantheon as well
Me too! Nice!
where you at bro why anit you showing up on monday night raw
Easter sprinkles start today. Aw yeah.
Pulled hip muscle (I think). The waddle suggests prolonged pain. This sucks.
"you're only on page six?" "I'm trying to read and watch tv at the same time."
In five years no one will be using a mouse for any input. Nice demo of touchscreen moves
OH MY FREAKING GOD HOLY CRAP #CANTWAIT #SOOOEXCITED #LOVETHEM AH!
whoops, sorry! Really didn't think the scissors scenario could be possible.
well im going to work on temple run, maybe now i can reach my goal of 2,000,000 yes barely but im working on it
did ur daughter enjoy her prom ?
Now following you too!
If you love Heartbeats by The Frail request it for Soundcheck tonight on LIVE 105! text: 36105
you are just a scared little girl. you'll never marry Stiles. i know that for sure. He'll die and you'll be alone.
Happy Valentine's Day, Celebrate Responsibly ;-)
the trouble with trouble is it started out as fun .
Teacher: Do you have any questions? Student: What would you do for a Kondike bar?
I feel like you don't want me anymore . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
RT This week in
I want to get on a "most eligible bachelor" list. How do I become more eligible? Does that mean becoming more lonely?
I despise nights like these
I mean....yeah.
yay thank you for following me <3
The door of opportunity won't open unless you do some pushing.
Last night I slept on a dormitory floor in NY state beneath a rabbit fur coat belonging to someone from Orange County
For some of us, our iPods with the right music mixes are really time machines with a built-in fountain of youth
108, and he's only topped out at 118 this season.
hey hey hey! Lol I'm hyper
Q3 Definitely believe in 's "flexible attention policy." Interactions have been key to my knowledge.
Not everyone is made out to sing, but if you sound like a wounded cat and you refuse to go to a vocal coach, I can't help you. smh
When I read your tweets backwards I hear Rowan & Martin.
Shit She Said Team SUCK That Lmao Damn Straight Out w. It to !
Lol. Whatever. Well it's very cleaned... scrubbed and vacuumed.
I FEEL LIKE THROWING A PARTY TONITE!!! ahahaha
call or text me 323.481.1161 and let's discuss.
MT : "Modified tweet" added to "A tweet amended before forwarding uses the abbreviation MT."
Luv a good weiner. : I enjoy the Wieners.: Lovin the show 2day. Memories.
S/o to all things TEXAS are a win! BELIEVE IT!!!! TX STAND UP!!!!
Bulls begin in 1 hour: $16 domestic buckets, $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts, $5 effen black cherry cocktails. Need we say more?
That'd be hilarious. Please update if you get a reply.
: that's what I'm saying. They closing all the routes I use to get down here, so Idk...they just might not see me them days<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#ideachats Make chats convos more engaging and animated. Picture = 1000 words.
just arrived in Caracas and is so excited about this residency with El Sistema for the next two months.
Lemichael James is a great pick niners...
Truffle shuffle!
history repeats on that turnover: RT " Burke tempts fate a lot by driving baseline, getting in air, and then looking to pass"
Tell me. Would you take the 2.99 box of Trojan or a 19.99 bag of diapers. You pick? LOL
Chocolate milk & netflix , chill Friday night (:
Don't lol
Looks like Bosh will miss the remainder of the Heat/Pacers series... #HeatGang ???
sounds like a plugin that is hanging somewhere in the code
Get it Knox
RT : encouraging Dizzy's audience 2 support live jazz in NYC:
Folks kept telling me last night that they knew they'd see me even though it was terribly unlikely. I got my annual dance out of my system.
with ant student section creativity, that kid was so rattleable
Now we can stop suffering through these painful stories!
My monogram necklace came this week. I have been so stoked...but I think I'm allergic to it.
Continually amazed at all the different forms that mental illness takes.
Ain't that the truth.
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
Nick Breezyy forever
bum knife fighting should be an actual sport. I'd love to watch that while drinking a beer. Lol.
Darling Companion, Johnny and June Carter Cash.
It's still not to late to check out our brand new song! www.byejune.com
Rangers are amazing
hotel VQ celebrates Denver beer week with the "Buckets of Beer" package. Check it out at www.hotelVQ.com
New options trade to be released this Friday, July 16th. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com. Up +28.6% this month!
Cynthia tells of damages #SCOMM causes families w/US born children.
I am on the fence on will he walk the walk - a big supporter I have been very disappointed in him. Real Change ?? We will see. If he helps
Sierra at Tahoe is so full...it closed off for the day1. Well, it was a nice drive.
Thanks man!
Haha sweetheart please try and not let your brain wonder too far its much to small to be out there all by it self.
i wish i was seeing you on tour! oh well. Have fun! :)
Yeah thank goodness! The prevailing sanity here is reassuring ;)
hello world
A Review of the Phoenix, in Seaford
when r u in b'more?
No minor may attend a skating rink unless accompanied by a guardian. We didn't make that law. It's been on the books since 1889. [1944]
The Jets remind me of the Ravens circa 2005. Super Bowl caliber team with no QB. Sanchez looked horrible tonight
BUZZ-KILL
thats cause you wont stop
Want to announce your museum's upcoming events & post pics from past events? Tweet to #MuseumEvents!
"Charlene" (my ride) looks like a huge globule of pollen.
Around 6am with good tunes, friends, and booze, one persons name always comes up in conversation Just ask
I knew it hahaha
King 2, Churchill 1. End 5. Eric Perez fouls off three pitches before delivering 2-out single to bring home Dominique Lane.
Goodbye social life. Hello #finals!
Of course, Christopher Plummer is not played off. Not that he should be. Octavia Spencer shouldn't have been either.
NIGHTMARE ALLEY's carnys enter the Jim Crow South: "dark and bloody land where hidden war traveled like a million earthworms under the sod."
It's 2012 grow up and get it together, NOW!
On my way to Disney for the day(: If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney
Must find the patience to keep from attempting a system upgrade until I get settled in
I'm making you a shirt. :P
Love hearing this Alisa! Thanks for making my day!
If you're at for #tedxkc, go see Bill Viola's video installation The Raft. It'll have new meaning in light of climate talks.
Ugh Arlington
Hugo Campbell Grossman. Or possibly Willie.
If someone throws skittles at you and says "Taste the Rainbow!" Just throw a bottle of Sunny D at them & say "Unleash the power of the sun!"
"ENOUGH: Support For Afghanistan War Hits New Low" #huffpost Now they want $3 billion for their army. Can we pay them in Euros?
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. Destitutus ventis, remos adhibe - Latin Proverb
T/Y! In good company!
living in enemy territory makes up from last year, eh?
Thanks for joining us at #mastersPOV this year! Hope to see you soon again!
Technically I have some grading to do but I can't think about anything but Smallville.
..garlic stink aside, your still coming on Saturday right?
Sure not getting as much spam as I love of late. Getting enough but could always go for more. And I mean for twitter and not the "meat."
I haven't heard it in ages! lol
I've got a comment tag wreaking havoc in my code! Rebuilding sidebar, pardon the mess!
my name is clever not clev
What do you mean?
I feel like deleting all my family off fb, I can't say shit without getting in trouble
RT : Your circumstances don't make you, they reveal you. How you respond to the life God offers you is what makes you. Deep
not with chocolate :P
do you see any chance of J.Crawford coming to Portland?
Development version is uncompressed and included all tests. Good for learning, CDNs & limited-control cases.
Yayy one more day and ill be back at home ...
I'm thinking I'd like to be a flying squirrel ...I really like nuts & They never seem to make it across the roads safely!
I just got back from running! Its so rejuvinating...hope u heal quickly!!!!
Girl your voice was amazing last night with ! So glad he introduced us to you and your talent! So beautiful!
clueless? we need em here in Columbus, you see the "zimmerman" tag on OSU campus?
watching freaky friday
Thkful 2day for the ultimate sacrifice that was made 4 me (& you) an imperfect sinner, a misfit saved by grace! All else pails n comparison!
joining the animals tomorrow Scoop Jackson of ESPN to break down the NBA playoffs!!!
Slept all afternoon that shower put me to sleep boring as hell wkend
going good! We have an event next week in west Hollywood and we would love for u to come!
I think because we can no longer write properly. I can't. Lost the ability over the years because of computers.
Buy my debut album The black swan to prepare your ears for The Black Swan 2: betting on the negative
-- you'll have to read the summary on Television without Pity.
"Are Golfers Expletive Lovers? #Damn Straight!" Read this #Golf #Joke & others Now! @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
This first bye week was my Vietnam.
Follow follow follow!
Are you protecting your eyes when you tan? Sunglobes are $4 or Peepers for $3...SMART TAN!
Got this nine hour shift ahead of me. (sigh)
Watchin rick james Documentary i love documentaries of ppl that became successful from music
Watching a old school childhood movie
dm the info
Wow. It sucks that much money can go such a shitty family. “: From earlier this week: Kardashians Sign $40 MILLION Deal with E!”
Hoosier Pride! RT CLASS ACT for fans to give everyone a standing ovation.. why Pacers fans are the best, they show respect.
Questioning people ask so others know. Curious people ask so they know.
haha I just Andrew at the school getting his equipment
Diane Ramirez thanks Halstead team of brokers & staff for a record setting year.
When I get home, I'm drinking 18 beers.
Recent transplant to LA, miss P Terry's on an hourly basis! What program are you in? Soc grad here!
yay! it lives!
I say the cutest things (':
No drop box, but interesting idea...For now, donations can be dropped off M-F from 9am-4:30pm
#MIXTAPE #1 is off to printers. Once they're finished we'll announce the new pub. date. #iBooks version drops next week and looks AMAZING!
I always thought randy marsh was the secret weapon of but the real sleeper may be mr mackey (S15E3) "as, of course, is tradition"
Good Morning! It's my day off today so I won't be getting my 9-5 badge, but that's alright bc I need a day off. Happy
did today go any better for you?!?!?
and Its annoying as hell when they repeatedly do so without raising their hands.
Having lunch AGAIN!! Guess I should try sumthn new...Isle Spice Chicken??
Alrighty - we've got you listed! :)
Feeling Like A Million Bucks right Now
I like what I see..They look GREAT..Oops I mean it looks GREAT!!
everything you post online is eventually either going to help you or bite you in the butt pay personal attention to detail
More and more followers!
FOOL 4 YOU by cee lo Green on REPEAT
From "Now What? Reinventing Yourself After 40", create a written plan. It will be a roadmap to track your progress.
Want to be a great leader? Take responsibility and give away the credit.
I pulled out the old school rose colored kit from USL days myself.
Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock? Because most shops close by six thirty.
Land being bad tonight!!!!!!!!
I mean, I have 1,700+ followers w/o the promise (or, in my personal case, threat) of nudity.
Attending Opening Session on Healthcare Reform. We all have a long way to go.
You still have time to raid the cellar…
The fact that wants to see us Lanes before he goes back home. >> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Bold move by Houston to keep Wandy in for this AB
Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yo
Wouldn't change a thing, but it sure has been a ling time coming!!
Snooki, Jwoww, Deena and Sammi all safely checked in at Newark Airport for Florence, Italy to film the new season of Jersey Shore. Cleavage!
I am one such individual! I'd like to be there!
The song #Springsteen never gets old
I am allergic to ny
i think that they dip their fried chicken in Kool Aid
Bored and this phone keeps going slow
Only 5 days left to get in on the Memorial day dockside kickoff party or pre-order your tour! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Non-Goucher applications are due TOMORROW!!
Hearing the word tornado makes me want to vomit.
Time to find out what my mother's day surprise is. I am a little afraid.
want me to help ya out? :D
see you in february
another example of how Republican conservatives want everyone to conform 2 what they say is acceptable isay thatsnhumane
RT : awesome job. Loved the music and ministry
I get that a lot.
Analysis: Political divisions slow Islamic finance in a parliamentary committee, prescribes "love"
Marriage? Sorry, I can't mate in captivity
Last #Friday in this gay as school!
My pot is melting
LOL...I'm sticking to it anyway.
Hope you choke on whatever you eating. lol.
When you feel like a cold might be coming on there is nothing better than a spicy bowl of pho from Vientiane Noodle Shop on 35th & National
The most valuable thing in life is love.
We're just Mahomies & Acons who just support the most beautiful boys on earth <3 -Ally
Lainey Battles Thank you for the like
I'm on a boat.
I'm up getting ready to watch announce the CMT Award nominees on !
Thank you! Hope it was as enjoyable to listen to as it was to record.
Thanks :) RT : So i just watched your videos and you're hilarious , you cuss alot but i fucking love it. lmao
Women who say "I don't need a man" will be pissed when we start packing tampons in tightly sealed jars.
At US History and Online Highways (Travel), we're working to write histories for all American cities, mostly focusing on smaller ones.
Great meeting you. Thanks for the awesome feedback about Look forward to lunch sometime!
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my hands spaz out when im nervous
doing some media today! Good thing I like to talk! Thanks for the interviews everyone!!
lol but it's making me not do my work .
Monday is the day I get most new followers in twitter. Even if I don't tweet much weekends because I'm B2B. Weekend tweeting is a lifestyle!
Easter. probaly. if everyones having a get to gether.
Nobody w/ tose glasses or lips could possibly be a womanizer
That feeling when you see your first crush <3
yeah i def think i will...he has some really great techniques i never heard of or felt...im sure they are amazing
Cocka-Doodle-Doo Buggs! Order Cupcakes 4your next meeting, special event or just because! Email orders to . 2 doz min.
Yuengling and metal.
The poet Joyce LeeAnn Joseph is unveiling her book tonight at #TheBoweryPoetryClub at 6pm! For more info, go to www.instereopress.com
What to put in my Mixed Greens salad always stresses me out, and I always prepare it mentally beforehand too.
Confusing monogamy with morality has done more to destroy the conscience of the human race than any other error.
Thanks...I've had a good run so far with baseball and the NBA...going to let it ride tonight, I'm either up $4k or even!
What the hell is going on? Honestly?
#Molanlabe from Baltimore... Bring it tomorrow
Calling Boosie a modern day Tupac is like calling Lebron James the modern day Jordan.
RT : "Marijuana In my System You Can See It In My Eyes I Got A Pocket Full Of 100's Man I Feel Like Plies"
Studying at the Reflection Pond. Two exams tomorrow.
How have things been going since FBS?
no lol I'm sick is all.
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
Wandy has been great tonight...hopefully we can finally get to Zambrano.
Texting someone in the same room as you, then staring at them until they get it
It definitely beats my D90 in ISO ability. Enjoy it!
hey Austin. When will you come to Florida for a meet and greet? It would be a dream to take a pic and shake your hand.
What is the Faker crowd chanting???
So amazing to see everyone yesterday at our reading of Albee's "The American Dream" over the last two days
Comment on the importance of the 2-way communication. Art teachers do have immense reservoirs of technical/scientific knowledge
A band we know from Austin are looking for a place to crash near their gig in Pembroke Pines FL. Anyone have space?
BUT YEAH DEAD BEAT SISTAH
**The Rock and I**
Not sure which is scarier? Fact that 4-15yr old boys are having an X-Box fest at the house all night, or the fact that one is mine?!!
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you
Q6 Can you eat gluten-free without being in a specific gluten-free restaurant?
Headed to first Barre Bootcamp with Stay tuned for hilarity.
Satan is the mess on the floor of our Soul... BUT cry out to Jesus and He will coming running... Continued next tweet
Thanks Richie)))
We're in the same city! I'm sorry I missed you! I hope Mommy will rub her belly for me!
Car fire on the block behind our house. Strange place to park a car. Fully engulfed by the time I could get there.
hehe... I'm familiar with that scenario.
It took me 3 days to send that e-mail...and I spent 3 hours editing it & the attached materials. -___-
I will see yo face today! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> #cantwait!
RT At ballys they should have never created the exercise pullups cuz I'm going in
We love you. RT : Just signed up for the first time, can't wait to get my card!
I'm curious who will the Packers select with there first round pick?
hear that, ClipperCofield? RT : I have been told by that they no longer want me 2 b Clipper Darrell
EathQuake Was Just Felt NYC!!!! Nothing Broken or Hurt Thank G-d.
"of" (position) 7
Recharged and re-refocused.
#Tigers C Victor Martinez had microfracture surgery for torn ACL. He's expected to be out for 6-8 months.
I want to buy Guild Wars 2 already.
lmao i know
Finished the six month Israel Diplomacy Fellowship tonight at the Israeli Embassy in DC w/ Ambassador Michael Oren. Good discussion!
sir that is the best Mock, outside of mine I have seen to date...well done!
Sucks for you bro.
get it for me. thanks.
S/O to She's pretty funny! Follow her and enjoy. :)
Come up to Austin for the USGP and we can watch the race live.
No idea, but it looks out of control. Does it play/sound good!?
"Wow, that person looks good in their avi." ::clicks to zoom:: "...Dear god."
Tonight: Cinco de Mayo. Thunder Watch Party. 5th Anniversary Party. Live Music with & Be There!!
I always figured you for a coffee drinker
We gotta thank for pressing this record w/ us. Can't wait till you hold and listen to this!
Overheard in Lobby- "I forgot my belt and have a presentation in 40min. Can I borrow yours? I'm a size 34."
Well hopefully Ulta Beauty's new locations! How do you find out about these new business before everyon else??
#BEATit like some
<U+200E>"SNO" Sticker's Arrived. www.SnoClothing.com
what I don't understand is what's happening with Cameron and the horse thing.
but god damn, these are your last shows. People paid a lot of money, came from all over the world...have some fun, sheesh.
You can never be old and wise if you were never young and crazy.
watching deadliest catch
- for sure. Have you heard anything about a new record from them?
happy mothers day Cynthia
follow friday....it's a good way to tell your followers who to follow
ik same my mom changed her mind:(
Happy 7 years to
unfortunately no Supreme, they usually keep their gear N their own stores...
Happy Easter!
its interesting because the guy says to never do something, and multiple people at your table are doing it, but balancing well
In the depths of lau working on my project after a long day at work for
That's a sick shot by Anze Kopitar for the goal, even if Mike Smith was screened.
thx kharyp hope your day is well
Garlic breath is in! garlic lowers your chol levels making it a heart healthy food.
Carl and the U-T do.
LOVING ur blog!! I feel like were sitting in the conf room eating burritos & having a conversation w/ every read! Thanks!!
IDGAF No More Fuck Your Feelings. I'm Heartless
"40 Days and 40 Nights" will be the next movie screening at USC. Will take place after Spring Break so stay posted for details!
Still waiting on word from my editor on the 1st act from my new novel. Writing the 2nd act has slowed; waiting distracts me.
I have about 20! :)
Tell Kuhn to get on twitter!
Youre sending the mans career down the drain.How many more fans do you have 2 lose to realize youre making embarrassing choices?
gonna watch the Third Reich: The Rise and Fall on glad to see some real history stuff on this channel again.
Thank goodness it's the weekend! Good weather, good football, good friends....what else does one need?
I have a little crush on the hummingbird that flies around outside my work window. "Oh, there he is! He's so cute!"
I don't dread going to work in the mornings anymore - well, no more than usual.
Opening my package w/ 's new Severance Songs. Also opening a delicious beer. Going to be a good Friday night!
...unique tweets.
going to a wedding.
Booking for the Dallas BOTB, call me (216)240-7582 or email for more info!
Home from Columbus!
what about sbjosphere? Take off on blogosphere hemisphere atmosphere? No?
Nice! I wish I had someone to give me an iPhone. :D
what color is it?
<sigh> Too much good stuff. Would you all quit already?
textin him.. hopefully he'll change his mind and say yes. ;')
Whoa! annual meeting is "largest gathering of #museum professionals in the world" 5000+ strong - talk about a Creative Community!
You go Glen Coco! #meangirls RT : 3 Down, ONE to go
Well maybe I don't miss that. Just a little bit, but I can live without it.
Round two #lvac happy Paul?
my aunt and I do.
NOT loudest snack ever. Wheat Thins 4 me = quiet. With all 3 parrots eating WT @ same time, quietest my apt has ever been.
Heart disease is still the #1 killer of women, taking the life of one woman every minute.
#Avengers was so badass!!! Round 2 on monday!
I need these now. Are they at any bricks & mortar stores in Wash DC???
when tumblr is over capacity <<<
wow bro Kissed another ?I kno how u feel I just want Mireya back & I try so hard :/ . It's like the girls we love Dnt care
Algebra with :)
hehe! You bet!
“: Never say anything to an umpire you will never win Depends. If you make him feel dumb enough to quit umpiring. You win
If it's not on the first page of Google it doesn't exist
My vote is that you get a real profile pic:)
I'm totally pumping up my bowling arm for tonight. Going for a PR!
that i can dig, im glad my shit is being felt thats prime motivation
Just saw this now so missed it but yes, I did see that about the nursery. That's bigger than most houses, crazy!
Back in working order...let's rock this shit.
I Ben Good.
Go Ed! RT Ed Begley Jr. took the to the LA convention center for
Jeremy Jacobs (JeremyJacobs) thanks for the follow.
we are always getting ready to live but never living. - emerson
Impressive princess Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol of Thailand speaks at my daughter's graduation
Watching jonah hex and playing rush plo
Glad You Came by The Wanted >>>>>
I will mf!
Good moanin tweets!!!
Learned much in passing chat today with colleague Kate Leonard about preservation triage in times of tight library budgets.
This tanning bed really just sprayed me with water! Perks of working at a tanning salon
The test wasn't as hard as I thought it would be
AMC Celebrating the conservation of 582 acres in PA Highlands, sponsored by Congressman Jim Gerlach.
#WFSAScriptTip: what's your main characters favorite movie? Why?
if you're here and we're here, then they're here.
Back in beautiful lubbock.
I hate this. How do you get help for someone who doesn't want it? I'm so worried about you!
"democracy is our destiny" is the voice over while Amanda was getting gagged, drugged and kidnapped #scandal O-O...
Driving through Edgewood and had to swerve to avoid a rooster that wandered into the street!
i cnt wait til step practice after spring break! i miss it so much!
Exausted! I thought working out was to suppose give you energy ... No it just makes me ready to go to sleep!
My cheeks <
RT : RT : My wife and kids is one of the funniest family shows ever!!!!!>>>#definitely <<AGREED!
Hahaha. He does look rather lion-y lately RT : Ricky on himself: "He looks like a lion who went on a bender and then sat on a stoop."
AWESOME and good for you. You deserve it!
INVESTORS DOES YOUR AGENTS OFFER YOU DEEP DISCOUNTS ON COMM, ESCROW AND TITLE, I CAN AND DO
Lighters up at the Intlib singalong.
how are you? I missed you!
Will Smith Iz By Far Da Best Rapper Who Doesnt Use Profanity. Im Not Sayin He'z Da Best Rapper Eva But He Da Best Who Doesnt Curse.
#PurpleStrifeMKE meeting on Monday, Apr 30 at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
fyi: the counts of #-done on checklists get all out of whack if you check then uncheck stuff (especially if done fast)
I mustache you a question.
I'm loving this sunny, warm, not so blustery weather!
I remember those days, I would go out untill 4AM them have to wake up at 6ish with my son. So I get it, ttyl
We're on for 2pm at the intersection of Western Ave and Wisconsin Ave!
Love that one Looking forward to the 21st. That works for you?
Fugg it--I ordered the "expensive" yoga pants...I think Ive earned them! Plus, they come in TALL, praise God!
I guess Five Faces just wasn't good enough for you post-Zebra Lounge, huh?
What a night <3
You hate me? That's cool. I don't live to please you anyway.
is that a phrase you picked up from your wife or were you in the habit of defenestrating things before meeting her? :) yawp.
Fuck you, Hulu Plus. The address I am entering is absolutely attached to my bank account. Let me use your fucking service.
you the man lol
We may or may not have a response to it hanging out in the photo booth area.....;)
Wishing the best of luck to Brandon Graham in tomorrow night's draft! Go Blue!
I obliviously know I'm a bitch you don't have to encourage me(;
This could mean everything, or nothing at all, you take what is real, I'll give you my all<U+2764>
Please follow me
sure hope to see you in that KENTUCKY uniform. " Players first program".
UP 66.13% today and climbing!
you are the only one then
Maria really just lifted up my skirt . I HATE YOU .
You text Sarah?
Damn, Mike Tomlin looks like will.i.am. I wonder who gave the halftime talk.
Posterous acquired by Twitter. Interesting.
with one too many blue moon....I assume?
Just Tebowed to the porcelain God
Lisa made pico with tomato and pablabo pepper from the garden. M.
Liz, You have hit on my passion. If everyone could see Special Needs people in a different light, can you imagine?
Happy B'day Sparty! RT Also, today is mine & 's b-day. If u don't wish us a happy b-day you can go straight to hell!
not looking forward to it!
Thank you!
my dog needs to stop barking
Watching Cocktail. Tom Cruise is one beautiful human being.
Watching Dexter. You?
#preswk12 now: Occupy Wall Street Ephemera. How archives can help structure the narrative of the movement
Came back from New Orleans more of a whale than anything else.
Every time a child loses a tooth, Sheryl Crow smokes a joint.
Second that whole-heartedly.
Blocked 6 people on twitter today. New record. Oh well. Damage is done. I'm done with them.
Love your song (Beautiful Life) !!!
Well that is awesome! Congrats on being our shirt giveaway winner and for answering the movie trivia question so quick.
If you follow us and are wearing blue in your Twitter profile pic, you probably got a follow from us today.
Last break before my crazy summer of morning SCRC ref desk and afternoon interning at Cornell library begins.
"T Swift" is an incredibly clever nickname.
happy birthday and happy Easter vinny! your such an inspiration to everyone! have a grand day!! love ya<3 :)
Swapping 3rd for 4th overall and the #Vikings are getting 2 additional picks? Great haul if I'm getting this right.
Not looking pretty but 15 points in 6 matches feels fantastic! Need to keep grabbing points while teams are unsettled and finding their way!
Waiting for this day to b over.... :-(
political inversion: followers should be followed. Followed should follow. My question: why you don't follow?
Dallas, TX
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks! Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
knowing the requirements of the charges I think its fair. Zimmerman misses the premeditated portion of 1st degree
Aww Milly crying cuz he don't wanna go to Mexico. :o
Or, the illusion that it is not!
An audition is a cross between a striptease and a one night stand. You bare it all, then not give a fuck whether they call you back or not.
I want to cry! But that strong woman inside of me telling me to fuck that shit and keep my head up!
Yah, Drake better put on his combat boots.
spent my afternoon battling malware, which severely affected productivity.
I'm a woman of my word.
woohoo! :D glad to hear!
62 degrees in December? I knew there was a reason I moved to the south.
Hey - gov mansion grass needs mowed. Time for you to take a break from campaigning and focus on your LT GOV duties.....
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
My Russian friend wants to send a photo of my christmas decorated palm trees to St Petersburg ,she just can't get over living in San Diego
How do you make your drums sound so crispy? Please enlighten me a little (or a lot). I like your music, thank you for it.
"Some people strip, some people write."
If your boyfriend/fiancee/husband leaves u after a medical problem or a bad accident, he lied about loving you. smh
Did you enjoy the from #City Tavern or are you saving for a patriotic occasion?
Is there any movie coming out that you want to see?
(AP) -- Romney wins Virginia Republican presidential primary
Want a free cd from "The Beautified Project" for free send us an email at
Further confirmation of Divine presence....Steelers Won!
Our music studio is open, but we haven't thrown any public events yet. Bureaucracy slowing things down... >_<
what a great time, opening for Faun Fables. Nice full house, I played well (imn-s-ho), had good sound, they were awesome as usual.
Mani/pedi: check. Hair color: check. Fake tan: check. Hot piece of ace: check. Being a girl is tough work!
Whee, I'm up to 619 followers. Some of them may even be real people...!!
's skinned trilogy is amazing. also juliana baggott _pure_ (just finished, loved. tx again for rec!)
Me and my bf got 200 on this series! Come on OKC make me 200 dollars richer!!!
& DrMRFrancis thanks for tweeting meetings this week Informative & enjoyable.
I wish could sing and stop sounding like killing cats
Too many chances here for NY
dont give up. I got him to follow when I spent like an entire weekend with my phone and sending him hundreds of tweets.
Fun glass etching class tonight! Always so nice to see what people design. :)
in some conversations it feels good to say NO. i enjoy being
Unbelievably great again man. Stay who you are because you are BRILLIANT.
I truly can say I was like Brad Pitt in Fight Club today....look out for soap bars from Luxe Essentials coming soon! #LuxeEssentials. com
feeling like $2..I hope my manager doesn't have that stupid pouty look on his face today
who is manuel lol
so beautiful
LeSean McCoy may be saving my life right now.
Have a safe Fourth of July!!
Never got that deal before. Sounds decent. The "lowballing" is in exchange for the convenience.
#A1DThing they are almost always color coordinated :)
Have a good flight Palpable excitement and a massive, packed room: RT Mastermind Keynote at
we all need to stand up and shout about making more importent to the show then Beth or other divas. Nat is better
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms and soon-to-be-moms out there!
If you think your friends are better than mine, you are so wrong
Ouch... RT : This is a first. Houston Hoops doing the old roll the ball up the floor to save time and they roll it out of bounds
Thank you , you rule!
Director Eric Bricker tonight at Design Within Reach, Flatiron Store, 903 Broadway at 20th St.
Thank you CBM, took this pic on our Bermuda cruise this week :)
His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration. - Pearl S. Buck
UK VS KU ON MONDAY NIGHT.
Shooting with tonight!
So far, see at least three #EdCampPhilly conversations about Libraries
Nothing good ever happens in 'broad' daylight... No one says," He gave me a massage in 'broad' daylight...
This month, I pay bills late,/writing stories of who I used to be.
Woohoo!!! Its so great to have our BCB minds in the same location. Oh, the amazingness that can be born from collaboration!
Please take out a second to Follow #TMCRecords CEO & President
Thank you!
That Maurice Sendak anecdote about the kid who ate the picture? It's sweet, but think of the mom dealing with a kid pooping half a postcard.
Word on the streets is.. Boobie milk makes some fluffy pancakes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
lmao! ok got it now thanks!!!
It is all the rage over there. I am hoping he will blend in when we vacation there this summer :P
Happy Birthday <3 We love you no matter what!!!! -ICONiacz in Chicago!!!
The truth hurts.. RT : My doctor told me im overweight .
Not this year, we're on opposite coasts at the moment.
: you are oh so right. I had that experience on a minor level. wanted to Chair our Family Reunion. am catching hell! lol!!
Heading to the Lincoln Park farmers market.
I had the best time of my life at Windsor and made a name for myself.
Teacher: "what's your biggest dream?" Me: "hold the mahoneconda" Teacher: "....." Me: "....." Teacher: "what" Me: "what"
Actually, I think it'd be fun to have a #capitolproblems meme. Is there one out there already?
moderation is natures remedy for a broken heart - Kiera Condon
Chile, your at Ihop again!!!!
I got sick really sick went to the hospital an everything im a lil better now though
march madness! see what I did there?
do media and fans focus more on a QBs height than coaches and GMS?
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
Great day with and demonstrating new data collection technology!
Haven't check it yet. Anything new to share?
whats god girl ;p
Nice day in Columbia
have you found yourself a place to live?
You use to be amazing... Then you changed.
you are not a tweeting machine. Let's see you make double digits through on your tweet count.
that ribbon of dehydrated rhubarb is genius! And tasty!
One of our clients was killed in a hit and run accident yesterday. 3 drivers hit her and left her. what the hell is wrong with people?
Home sweet home! Let's see who wins between the Pats and Broncos
“: nice gear.” Thanks! Lots more coming soon...full website should be up and open for business very soon.
I agree
Pizza of the Week: Quattro Formaggio (Four Cheese) -A Must Try Pie! A blend of mozzarella, asiago, provolone &parmesan cheeses
hello niall!:) how are you!?;)
I love when fellow libras post stuff like this, makes us look all deep and shit <U+2764>
It might be something in the air, but I can't stop laughing about the stop "Ruggles"
Sister time
Hello everyone
and tell Diana she's beautiful and she's ma gf! Tell my boyfriend I love him & the lakers are winning<3(':
I'll ride the wave where it takes me...
I hope latimes does story on ladwp ability to serve city in disaster after #lawinds blew their pants down.
TONS of writing and recording this week - can't wait
That last cypher was kinda weak somebody please save it lmao...
Hope was fired on Celebrity Apprentice and I think that Bin Laden had a baby or something.
thank you & great day to you as well :)
and I thought I was your twitter bff. Tsk, so internety jealous.
Sometimes I feel as my thoughts to real for a fucking tweet.....
thank you keep smiling
Good morning Shannon. Hopefully you are flying off to somewhere fun today!
pants too. It's getting warm here, after all
Good bye Oklahoma a state I love. Until next time. Love the hair Darla you are my first crush.
Love the Dropkick Murphy's and Workers Song is my favorite.
Rolling with the 2004 and 2007 World Series trophies to New Hampshire for a Veterans hospital visit.
Hope these OKC boys close out LA.
"Snail Fish And Roaches" made everyone dance today at the Sock Hop. Thanks to for making it happen .
Hanging out at the #pdxartsforum tonight. Glad to see such a strong community showing!
Come get hydrated with ZICO at the manhattan beach pier! Grab a sample and beat the heat!
Reading ya'll tweets while I'm on hair & makeup!! What about ya?! RT What are you doing right now? 36 <U+2764>
The visual mechanics pushed it away from casual: the likelihood of getting visually and geographically lost was the main turnoff.
Thanks, It's not too funky... Actually pretty fun!
YOU inspire me! Miss you so much. We must connect soon. Much love.
taylor green pwns.
#imsinglebecause I like to proudly play Beyonce songs.
As we enter the next phase of purpose. Be prepared to be pruned, trimmed, and set apart. Many cannot go where God is taking you!
Yea I sometimes jam to Katy Perry...problems?
Did u know? The Crime Stoppers program has paid out approx $90,000 and resulted in the recovery of 112 firearms since inception. It works!!!
#Houston come in and get ur crawfish on for $5.95 a lb here at plus got some seriously gorgeous waitstaff!
ugghhhhhhh wanna move there so bad!
DS: thats true.. i just want him to suffer ASAP!
LOL at the Cirque performer doing a handstand on the aisle seat. Whoever that was in the seat looked so uncomfortable :P
Kupuna Hula Festival today & tomorrow. Stop by if you can.
Food for thought. sumthin 2 feed the brain and gain knowledge...
I've lost hope in ever finding the boy of my dreams. Maybe my standards are too high??...nah ;)
bang bang bang(:
Good morning.
ok I will hit yu
what you guys just did to Muhammad Ali was disgusting. Your owner is a first class asshole and the stadium looks like shit.
Nice meeting you
I'm in sails by the women's bathroom. I'm wearing a white shirt
HE IS HANDSOME EVER WORD
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe taste in foods
Sounds like they r using a different kind of tear gas on the protestors in Tehran, from the victim reports. Ppl in comas, extreme fatigue
Ha, this is so something I'd say! Love Christmas!
Thank you for posting the names of the award winners as they are named!
Todays cake is Marvelous Amaretto Marbled Cake. Happy hour anyone? WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Another hot night! 2-1 +28 units 5-1 +123 units last two nights Email me for details ()
You dont even know me and thats what makes me laugh!
Awesome tune! (and appropriately titled).
Watching NinjaGO with my nephews. :)
We have plans. Our customers and participants are going to KNOW that "we are glad you are here" feeling.
I love being a dad!!
Thanks for the props!
No, ladies, Scaramouche will NOT do the Fandango.
Freakin' Justin Bieber had to ruin me watching the Mayweather vs Cotto fight!
So Excited! I have 9 days till I'm in Los Angeles! LIFE IS AWESOME!! <U+2665>
Thanks! Why?
Winter weather or summer weather?
I cant deny my unparalleled love for the phad thai at Thai One On on Lake City Way.its awesome as is all their food. Dont deny yourself it.
Do people not know that health insurance is not free. An Ins. Company covers BC. It is called a co-pay. +Ins premium paid. Not free Russ L.
Just checked analytics on 's #tumblr traffic. Surprised Twitter is a much better referrer than Facebook.
Feels good to feel a little better
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
r u checking it twice? :)
Smile and make your own sunshine... Hello!
That's awesome!
HEY JJ!!!!!! MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER......LOL....
My laziness is out of control, I don't even want to poop because I want to continue watching American Dad.
Glad you enjoyed your time here. We'd love to have you back. :)
some1 Rted his video I think and i started to listen to him on youtube then i fell in love with him
RT : Duck Race today in Broad Ripple - buy your ducks 12-2:30 at the Fire Station!
Time to take another move up the Steps Tourney for a seat to the WSOP Main Event. I really feel this is my year at poker.
follow and please :D x25
My printer just woke from sleep mode with a huge toner.
Dedication: CHRISTINE C. MORAN, Love you Oma!
S/O 2 ALL THE STRIPPERS!!! (NEW MUSIC/LIVE FOOTAGE) ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
Waiting on my girl to come home I'm finna beat her pussy up up up up up up up... GOODNIGHT WORLD
Cake day!
Morning!! :o Today you should have a Pear.
hahaha more of a snarky tweet. No actual surprise!
hows your day???? -- anisha scott () it was good. I was sleep earlier so now im just not tired. How was ur day love?
I have a need to learn how to verify a form and populate a database with inputs as soon as I can. other todos are less pressing.
Mouths don't get pregnant
"Maddie... you're my ancestor."
cool story bro
Watching the coverage of François Hollande's first day as President of France and waiting for him to announce who the Prime Minister will be
Really Bored Hope Mi #Nye Night Go Good Wanna Party Like A Rockstar
might just have to I know a kid with some serious Talent. follow back
but nothing beats a pathway of desire.
Well that was the most shitty practice in the history of shitty practices...
Yep, Gots to love those *Vintage* aircraft! (runs ducks hides)
The coolest part of the Madonna half time show was the end - when she let us all know she's a Laker fan.
tomorrow's spring..... and it started snowing.. great.... -_______-
I've got the tune of a Jordanian concertino stuck in my head. Must be
Thanks my man!!!
I support that decision 100% haha just lemme know when. I'll make sure you get to experience the great parts of Ohio!
Proverbs 15:33 The reverent and worshipful fear of the Lord brings instruction in Wisdom, and humility comes before honor.
Woo! haha yeah thta's a pretty simple sentence to work out. you should see what I have to work with in spanish.
o ok so how been
Day 3. 88 days to go.
Impressive victory for #Boonen, #roubaix is so cool
#teamWakeAndBake RT : I'm gone! i'm Faded! I'm TIPSY! I'm Wasted!
Why do you keep putting Mantle in cards in the Topps products? You are keeping a current player from having a base card.
And thus ends my livetweet of airport travel in #snowpocalypse. Too bad I didn't get vid of idiot drivers spinning out. Thx for listening.
stone cold rocks... But I always like the rock better. :p
August 17th, 18th, and 21st. Wow what a great month :D
we hope to see you!
thanks buddy!
call Kroger in a couple days and tell them you applied :)
At #Richmondbc City Hall with hundreds of other volunteers who donate time on advisory committees
Drudge had to change the headline from "Romney wins VT" to "Romney wins VT exits". Kind of an important detail.
Who doesn't follow who? I think you should look again :)
#iabaudio sasse touts lack of guesswork in streaming
Maybe her Mother's Day wish is for a little alone time. Who are we to judge?
Been submitting albums for review all day. Anyone with a blog wanna get in on the fun?
At the infusion center
#bookaday THE EXTRAORDINARY MARK TWAIN (ACCORDING TO SUSY) by Barbara Kerley Love the journal entries and biography writing tips
follow back plz?
I just saw a helicopter flying...someone must have gotten a 7 Kill-streak today.
Hm be productive or watch Netflixs for the rest of the day? #harddecision LOL
Seems mind boggling they could do whole thing, just with what I've already read. Over 7 or 8 seasons, would be like $500 million.
Not a good day :(
Ok stomach growlin now time to get up n cook breakfast :)
When will new deposit functionality be complete? I love you guys but am now on list because I NEED this...
Feeling the Summer air.
Why am I listin to tyga leisurely...
kids these days... amiright Leo? lol
Tiara can't bowl and Darion can't either !!
Me and just cashed out
I took a few weeks off for me time. All of those things that kept moving from list to list are now crossed off for good. Taxes included! Ahh
Let your work speak for you...
I know you just want to fuck when you don't take the time to get to know me.
follow me “: R-E-T-W-E-E-T If You Need More Followers! #Follow <U+25BA> <U+25C4> So He Can Help You Gain”
It's officia- we're in Hammacher Schlemmer!!! Check us out at 57th St. between 3rd and Park, NYC!
A teacher walked today...poor classroom mgmt..no one surprised. I was. It's a lose-lose situation. Feel bad for both sides.
um ok....and its what i will be doing ten years from now
Thanks for the follow !
RT : Q3 if you would meet some1 from twitter right now IRL would u still hear the same voice ?
so many times
Headed into Manhattan to my cousin Kerry's Bachelorette Party !
get well really really soon <3
and I are about to get the fuck out of this place. For the weekend at least.
Chooch wasn't gonna let his boy go out like that!
I want all the jucy details.
I love that I have what amounts to a team of professors that have more confidence in me than I do in myself.
1617- hmm what to say what to say! I really miss our all day conversations about.. nothing! your really pretty and always there for me ILY<3
Congrats on the awards; if you call my company K-Sun I'll send you a label maker for FREE!
Follow me please :D
Yesterday shots were fired at Fort Sumter. I feel that the "division of our glorious Republic into petty states" would be disastrous.
yea it was just a test at first so I would stop eating out. Then I start doing research and realized I didn't need it anymore.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
aw baby<3
Hey , if you throw out a latenight campfire appearance at the Beachcomber, you can name your price.
3 more job applications. jesus help me
what happened
So i'll just say nothing yo......... and Thou shall Livith that wayith
Kissing in the rain >>>
MIDWEST SWAG IN THE SOUTH 2 TOUR!!!! STARTS NEXT FRIDAY!!!! WHO COMING OUT??? IT'S GON BE A MOVIE...
still loving the demo u gave me bud!
#andypoll Consider volunteering or unpaid internships doing cool stuff.
It is a really nice morning. I feel atypically alive and alert. I even made it to the bus stop early. A+++ would wake up again.
the argument is over the cause not the phenomenon.
Just had the best nap EVER, but woke up to some bull shit!
kmsl I'm not about to play wit u
I would rather watch a fuzzy black-and-white floor-model TV on MUTE than listen to C. Webb "color-commentate" another game. Smh.
Why would the Bucks trade away? Salmons and Jimmer? RT : Hey #Bucks - it's OK to take Jon Leuer from Wisconsin!
Let's go Philadelphia beat the Bulls
My daughter is the one getting acting training & i'm the one "acting" like i'm not EXHAUSTED... :)
Shellfish farms are seeing detrimental effects of ocean acidification.
“: The 'you suck' cough in anatomy class ” Classic.
Twitter, I'm sorry I forgot about you :(
Bruce, 'Blood Brothers' doc re: tweaking/rewriting the song "Blood Brothers"
#blackboard Congrats to our Bug on the Run winners and Thank u for your efforts!
I miss you! <3 hope you're having fun! You're gonna hate it when you come back!
I've been hearing that from everyone in the 3 months Ive been at this school so far, lol.
Suppose you could disagree with the question wording, but not sure how you can disagree with an empirical percentage.
We invited him to the show and hope to see officer Martin there. :D
is your poker down? Extremely disgruntled using the service the moment extra.
All of 70 east before 315 is shut down!
Extra/unnecessary services or just overall price?
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Fancy clothes on. Name tag affixed. Super smile in place. We are go for in-coming freshman open house.
Way to make everything worse
you was all over the tv tonight, cheesin' like a mofo! Nice catch
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to my fellow 9-year-olds
gettin the urge to close up and go home m THE URGE
: as same! And makes me wanna watch it! Am I right or am I right
I bet you gone wear that same dingy ass Hollister shirt with them faded ass jeans with your with them LEANING ass chucks bih
Tommorow night is going to be the first night without the two greatest wwe divas wwe never be the same
Gotta Lotta stuff for U! V-Day Prizes! 1800Flowers, Studio Movie Grill, Castle Megastore PLUS Screening Passes for THIS MEANS WAR! HOT 97.5!
I want to spend a weekend with trey and his aunt
Bad news. My apartment complex sucks and didn't tell me the equipment is broken. So no theater :(
Don't you just love a good hot dog?...Our hot dogs are better than good, they are GREAT! see you soon
good afternoon to u luv, hope u have a blessed day too
Yes girl, fun times , fun times lol Rt ": Aww I wish I was in NY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>"
I didn't get any pictures!
Found a spot right outside my cousins house. :D
We were playing poker the other night with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four of my friends died.
Another day of work and school and then its my weekend. HOLLA!
HAHA I'm working on my new EP but put it hold til I finish moving to Hawaii (I need to save a little more). Hows things?
To mourn adversity multiplies the misfortune. FJ Roberts
Putting the felt backings on a vertical eucalyptus triptych today, gallery wants it
just sent you an email requesting a refund for the Philly Uncubed event- bummed it got post-poned :(
Brokers this is your opportunity to sell New Single-Family Homes in Doral Join us today at Balmoral in Doral for more info 305-593-1110
I want to know how many tweets it will take to get you to follow :) On 20 somethin right now.
i been good dass wassup which mall u aT
Jennifer's little girl is extra cute
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
Good weed. Red slurpies. We drive in the night time.
shoutout to my new follower! mahalo, one love!
“: Writing about happiness while sipping on chai tea outside of school..I feel sophisticated. #content” <U+E056>
Category 4-a Winner is Brad Hicks
Generalization is what it eventually boils down to on a social-political base. The rest is a product-service generator.
I think I'm the only queen who goes to a winery and doesn't drink.
Please make me better. We will not destroy you.
Carolina Liar just popped up on Pandora. I haven't heard them in years!
ed's are very sad to me in general, that's why I made this account so people could live the healthy way ya know?
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;P
#NP The Weekend Love Through Her
Very pretty makeovers!!! All the ladies look great!
you was hacked. Change your password.
oh the forck i love all the stories n imagines of Big Time Rush it make me happy n when my #RusherFamily tt just like
Yes, as a matter of fact it is.
Yeah buddy xD
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
is AH-MAZE-ING. see her in concert... I'm a HUGE fan now. So talented!
Twelve Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens only $12...add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!
My Portal 2 level. I appreciate the honesty.
Above all, Love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1 Peter 4:8
the one about horse fossils plugs into bill's pragmatism stuff in a kind of excellent way, I think
every year people say rude stuff about the yearbook. Don't listen to them! I'm sure it's amazing :)
Heard an amazing MLK convocation keynote last night from Thanks for the inspiration and the reminder to listen deeply.
Success with my water bill! If you are a previous e-bill customer its best to call 619-515-3516
Ml. Nanotwi had arrogant students pick up others' shoes, while he himself would pick up the shoes of the humble ones.
And what about when Pens fans wear black jerseys?
B Day, I see your DC Talk and raise you Steven Curtis Chapman and Newsboys.
I bought cream cheese too! I'm almost baking right this second, and I'm excited!
only one of my legs is burned and its on my thigh so now my legs are wierdly colored xD no more white legs tho lol
Check out WWW.therisinghollywood.com for our discount code...
i went to buy some panda expree it soo yummy (:
“: RT if you always skip the first piece of bread.”
The donations for our #RollsofLove Drive for keep rolling in! Thanks to all of you who are donating!!
Someone should invent heated car tires so when the roads are slippery the traffic on them will melt them <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095> <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you love Chicago ICONiacz!
Has me ready to 86 someone ---> RT Oh your mad at me for doing that, but if you did It it would be okay..
i think mikey just got away with huge bluff. maybe set though....
come out and join!
Tune into local news to catch some interviews with Kevin. Thanks to , , and for coming out!
my son doesn't understand what the word sleep means at night! he's so cranky tonight!
How's Peabody treating u? I'm thinking about applying there to get a Music Ed degree.
I think it is AMAZINGLY funny that I retweet Myself on other twitters lmaooo
EG takes out papers to run for Los Angeles mayor. He brings the knowledge, experience and talent we need to move this city forward. Back him
My elbows are cut up aghh they hurt
: Ellen can you give the Global Autism Project a twitter shout out! We are trying to raise $$ to raise awareness re: Autism
“: RT : Education debt is over a trillion $$, over credit card debt and this needs to change. Thanks for correction Barry
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to design tools for informal learning workshops.
Mine still do! In fact, they taught ME how to play. How backwards is that?
NO! If I see something that I want to read on FB, I'll usually Google the headline so that it doesn't show up on my timeline.
Lmfaoo Thank you!! <3 but i guess Is a busy person, cant blame him really Over million girls r after him:P
i'M SO BORED!!!
RT : "Seek your own voice, and follow it, without listening to others. It is your difference that will make you valuable."...
needs more crush IMO
Useful stats: How B2B Marketers Use Social Media, New Research via
Good night guys.
Going swimming
Thanks so much for the following!
When Titanic disaster happened, press published that all survived. The truth unravelled over days. Same w/ Hindenburg.
My first video almost has 600 views!
I just mailed something from my office to her apartment which are approximately 1 block away from each other. lazy? probably.
you forgot to text me
Smooth week :3
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't care about your whole damn life story, I just met you, #tmi .
asked myself the same question. Talk about letting your guard down. This pattern is what concerns me come playoff time.
More Photos are coming soon!
Dads Comin Today . Goin To See Avengers .
New posting on YouTube later this afternoon...Who's excited?
"Good Times" when J.J. battles Sweet Daddy?
Do not waver...do not flip flop...do not blink...do not sleep...do not eat dog...do not spend thee unborn's not yet made money...
aaawww.... My night had many hi lights and a sharing that moment with you tops them darling.
Lol yea I'm watching some. I agree no #MissMatch yesterday, but I got the proof & your admission I'm up 1-0 lol
up to 65% of FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Wow! P90X2 Base/Back was a beast. Post workout meal: Oats, Egg Whites, Spinach leaves, & Coconut Oil - Filling!
A pencil without an eraser is the same as a pen. >.<
#HungerGames for the third time! #fun #saturday!
Hope your Thursday rocks!
kansas weather at its finest lol
As opposed to the cynicism of the aged. OK, I guess that's just me...
The first rehearsal last night was so much fun. Great seeing everyone again. Amazed at how fast things started to come back.
are you being an investigative reporter?
Whats everyone moaning about money for tho
I understand celebrating #JuniorSeau's life, but how anyone can have respect for him still is beyond me. If you're selfish enough to...
I will definitely send a birthday wish to you!
Locked outside my apt but I have work today... can't get ready out here.
I was born in 1997.. And I miss the 90's lol.
you wrote it!
Just got my flu shot
awesome! with peeps?!
I found a new venture... I'm goin' all in
": SOMETIMES! sometimes you just want some sex lmao"
Me: "What's a good tweet, baby?" Leeann: "I don't know..." (walks away)
On The Edge is absolutely amazing!! I can't wait to hear all of it!!!
you need to push kids over too
George, how about being a guest on the JT Show?
@ the yardarm apts w/ 4 the Ice Rays Food Drive. come by. 5pm-8pm
Sweet flop, Rozsival.
let us not forget to "breathe normally" during this crisis that resulted in dropping oxygen masks...
Our #VITA program is still going strong! Call us today to get your taxes filed for free! (323) 604-1973
Both of y'all shuddup and get out of my mentions (: <3
Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner.
Dane Cook is hilarious
Of course! 2017! RT u guyz better do a reunion for 2007
OH REALLY
Sushi is SO GOOD
Had a great time demoing last night. Thanks for a fabulous event Bob!
Well tonight got much better
Tell the managers, Library Director, anyone who will listen. NO JOKE. Please!
confession: I can't not use a semicolon if I think it does the job better than a comma.
there's a bird in the school!
But I'm scared! I'm no good at dating or waiting to be asked out.
Missing by best friend and lil Sis !! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
it seems that acadlibs haven't learned much...given that many are still trying to breathe life into those IRs...
only she would say that lol
I can't stand Trent Dilfer
#WEST. Shout out to JB.
Margot & the Nuclear So and So's set felt a bit off tonight. Maybe it was just me? First time seeing them live. Hm.
Damn. lol. You just on the go.
Yeahh can you drive?????
Green Card » who can apply for green card
“: Just landed in Atlanta! Who's ready?!” enjoy your stay. We may see you next week up at icon if u are still here.
ya damn right I am I want people to follow me!!! My goal is 100 people to follow me!!!
by we you mean mainly carl crawford, right? The only one 0 for 6 at the end of the night
Beautiful morning in #MKE! Coffee on the deck, in hand.
needed a ride there but I got one thanks
I love a woman that can get on her knees and ... you know, pray
?. Too many hard questions.
If you're at #adtech stop by booth 1937 and so hi.
nice move
offering meal deal promo on March 5 against the #Clippers.$20- includes $18 ticket,hot dog,chips,& soda. Avg tix $31.50
happy valentines day to u to..!!!
#AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestions: need to include "voices" --- email gets pretty stale.
#WaysToImpressMe is to be honest and humble
not since that one! :D
thanks for your support and making Pairings amazing!
hol on wait let me change some words around lol
When will the Copper Anvil entry be out?
wohoo! You rock!
what do you get paid for??
Best Planned Parenthood/Save The Children/Rainforest/Clock Tower sidewalk opening line yet: "I've always wondered: Is male modeling hard?"
That is to funny :)
Lol yes! RT S/o to for throwing up on my foot in pigskin
Good morning everyone ! Don't we all wish it was summer already .......
Follow Me??Please!!(Wait I'm Just A Normal Fan)PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!
Hello Mr. phillip phillips! Woooh
yea you are..,.
I am loving today :)
Pretty warm out here #dry heat
girl, I miss you too. We have to hang out soon!
You are the land. The land is you. -Merlin
Woke up early, found interesting job leads, rode the bike all over then yoga followed by veggie bowls at Pho 95 with a bestie.
I swear RT Watchin the Pacers is like watchin the Spurs......Miami need to get these niggas gone
“: .....it seems like I'm a horn dog when I'm half asleep...deer god” preach it
“: #Aquarians are fearless when they want something”
It makes me mad because I have to hear it from someone else to know.
Design without strategy is just art. Branding should be a part of every project. Agree?
YOU'RE A LITTLE LATE, I'M ALREADY TORN, OH, TORN <3 ok I'm done (':
tommy lee just tweeted deadmau5 an Instant santa pic!!!!!
": A second chance doesn't always mean a happy ending. Sometimes it’s just a chance to end things right this time around."
Burke? I think he's from the Capitol City of college football and the home of the winner of 7 of last 8 OSU-UM FB games. Right?
This is like the second time iv ever worn sperrys and now i know why. They hurt like a mofo.
Got it now. And see you know what I meant.
We always appreciate the RT's! Thank you.
"Turn the world on its side, and everything loose will end up in Los Angeles." -- Frank Lloyd Wright
I thought I got a message that I should follow Putin. But maybe I was just supposed to read an article.
so, im not really into the super hero crap, but i still heard that the avengers is a good movie, hm, what to do.
We cant wait to see you and ur friends!!! RT : :Really pumped for Lynryd Skynyrd tmrw!! =D
Very powerful tornado headed for St Louis!! Take Cover Now!!!
SO JEALOUS OMGOMGOMG
I listened to #SaySomethin it's amazing!;D
ABOUT TO PRAY AND GO TO BED....I WILL KEEP ALL YOU TWITTER PEEPS IN MY PRAYER....GOD BLESS YOU'LL AND HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
Playing like that isn't going to get you any where.
Looking for office help for a client in the #Repo biz... Anyone out there with exp in that industry?
Managed to squeeze in my annual "anchor using a radar gun" standup tonight. Feels good to be back to work!
Counterfeits seized at Patapsco Flea Market worth $47.3 million
I hate when people step on my feet....
prep for solar training next week at NW solar expo...
do u even know how much I love u, I hope u care for me too!!!!
Preciate the follow. Have a good day
Realizing now how happy I am to have that poison out of my life. Toxic.
I hate it when they do that. As if my ego is so huge I need teenagers to boost it.
yo followed back
I swear to God I think I just saw Drake.
Adopted! Pet of the Week Niko
Getting a bachelor of science in graphic design is weird. Just learn another language! It's not that hard...
but harry and emma arent dating, right?
Producers: Get that beat out of your head! Rent time at BoneBreaker Studios. We have everything you need to make the music.
awesome, good taste!
well. It's about getting messy. And that's do much fun!
jk my brothers are cute all the other kids are annoying
Peter Bishop is so hot, he gives the earth itself an erection.
An amazing weekend. We should do this more often! #MSSymposium Thanks
What is self-image? Who started talking about one? I rather fancy it was Madison Avenue. – Madeline L'Engle, US novelist
I'm up and need to go to the store for shampoo.
Love this is so wonderful!!!!!!<U+2665><U+2665>
What's happening? I'll tell youb whats happening. I'm shoving my face with breakfast burrito when i should be on a run right now!! :)
thanx so much!
I hope man up tomorrow and play
& kind of hungry to ..
Maybe that is an opportunity for the beer drive-through places re: lack of drive-through pizza places.
Who has Instagram? I'll follow ya!
We are open Sundays! It's a beautiful day to shop local.
YOU HAVE TO HEAR AUSTINS NEW SONG YOU WILL LOOSE YOUR OVARIES.
Looking forward to it. I'm going to revamp mine as well. It's time.
Listening to my dad sing <<<<<<
good for you, get back on the horse babe. What did ya write?
"anyone who tells you America is in decline..doesn't know what they're talking about!" got that, Newt?
Sugar is the devil! But I miss it! I will slay ye beast! #whole30 (having some gnarly cravings, can you tell?)
I hope is ready for his Pacers to experience an arse kickin by and the Heat!
RT : Once a week injection for type 2 Diabetes is approved by FDA (Bydureon)
In Boise on work travel this week & play Boise State. Fate? I THINK SO!
this is a louisville tourny there's no way we'll both make it
thanks for following. I BET you are glad we are following you. Like the lame pun?
Watching Magic City with Viggle Fri | 10PM | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Off to Comedy Works with the TriStyleGirls.com! Next event? SEX TOYS party!! So much fun- check the website for details! Free to join!
omg jasmine ur my idol. i love u so much 143 :]
The ideology of T3AMAV3NG3R$ is simple. Be influential, be innovative, and exceed the level of your performance within your craft.
Love the new fitness center in the union!
This girls having an orgasm cutting my meat at the deli
No! JIMMY PERTESTED!
Never playing Ball with older mans
FYI it doesn't matter if I've known you for 2min. or 10yrs...lie 2me once&I will never fully trust the words that come out of ur mouth again
make a genius bar appointment and bring it to the Apple store. They are very generous about fixing those things for free.
That's a great genre to read! So many great stories. What's one of your favorites?
How about $1250 in football sqrs 4 the Big Game? Play in our poker rm all week 4 your chance to win! See a supervisor for complete details
what Re you doing tonight?
cause I start putting "n" in sending message and your name popsout first
": Ohio: great state? Or *THE* greatest state?"
how ia it working with Lord Boyd? Tell him uwm panthervision says hi!
That's what Harbaugh has brought. Even when Stanford good in the past, never as physically tough as they are now.
I should have sent Ben around to your place with the girls. I barely made it off the block but they did a little "shopping"
u said u saw pics from it.
I am stronger than I expected...
Here s his twitter , I will check with him today on our timeline with you. Thanks for reaching out!
You won a limited edition t-shirt! Simply tell our host your name to redeem at your next visit.
TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE (TONIGHT) OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE! YEAH!!!!
RT : Yay!! New 5 star review on Amazon UK today - "...literally could not put it down." An Unfamiliar Murder...
This morning in church - QEII lookalike in a flowered hat giving noisy kids a DEATH GLARE.
Hi October 2011, nice to meet you.
DAMN.....FUGG YALL DOING?? ITS WEDNESDAY MORNING <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> RT : Yes RT : AM I THE ONLY #Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
RT Saddened by the loss of the great Christopher Hitchens this morning #GodIsNotGreat // me too :-(
Might be easier to follow convo with more structure as everyone is at different points in #chartership process??
Time to eat!
Woaaah! Never thought that would happen. Haha :P
Today was the best, can't complain. <U+E406><U+E057><U+E415>
Just got Love for my "Drink up Bitches" shirt on the East Side.... everyone loves that bar
aaww...i was waiting for urs :\
My account has been hacked and I can't change password. I get the message, "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing,"
Prob speaks 2 some personality flaw of mine, but having someone declare it "Screen Free Week" makes me want 2 double the fam's screen time.
“If you're going through hell, keep going.” -Winston Churchill.
Feels like daaannccinnngg
I understand u like thrifting, but if ALL yo clothes come from thrift stores that's a problem !
what about this weekend? Im free any day... I think maybe saturday night? Then mall?
let me know how that works out for you. you don't live in the district, anyway.
We are Albuquerque's premier direct mail advertising & bulk mail service provider. Call today and put us to work for you. 505-899-3104
I really hate getting boring ass phone calls. If u call me, u obviously have something to say.
LoL RT : I really think is using crack in her cup cakes. If u haven't had them shame on u #theybecallinme *pookie voice*
what happenend Bro?
Yes! Very possible. Do you have something coming up like that!?
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!!! We will have our Karaoke night tonight. Starts at 7pm hosts by JahFool & DJ Dirty Redds!!!
Christina's and Chelsea's apartment as the location for the birthday bash.
We were all going to play Rock Band tonight, but we ended up watching a slew of 80's music videos instead.
#CV2012 Endorsed by majority on council?? That's exactly her problem. All inside baseball game.
So now all of a sudden niggaz wanna start talkin positive and shit...
Cool tweets.
I'd rather lose a game that isn't worth a ACC Title than lose the ACC Title game haha
I'm going to the super bowl <U+E410><U+E42B> XLVI here I come
Pretty sure I just heard "happy Cinco de Cuatro!" Nicely done, That is the opposite of correct.
you and vinny would be so cute together :) b/c ur so beautiful NH doe lol
Does it ever get easier?
So sleepy ugh
lemme see you bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it. Baby drop it to the floor and bust it. (:
I saw you last yr in Hawaii. I really enjoyed your session and wanted to see if had an itinerary for this yr. Thanks
Happy Record Store Day
"Woman is the companion of man, gifted with equal mental capacity." – Mohandas Karamchad Gandhi
"What...what i knit sweatass yo what what dont chance me *bleep* what? i didnt even swear" haha thug story-tswiftt
Digital is the future; when will profit arrive?
Heading to Philly for a meeting. Not a bad view looking out these train windows...
Awesome Q& A ... Thank you.. confidence has gone from 90% to 100% :)
What is your favorite mixed drink?
please follow me! #neversaynever :)
do you have a link?
he just threw up in his seat and the dude eatin behind him has no idea
Just had a great discussion today in the Afternoon Book Club - Frankenstein by Mary Shelley!
Who is Derek?
Good Morning!!!
I'll be keeping an eye on this story. I love my Nook Tablet.
thank u so much(: Ti Amo to you to
i know you are..i don't take offense to anything..Im sarcastic
Adele looks fantastic!!
Mary Wortley Montagu~ Life is too short for a long story.
Now I feel I have an unspoken deal with the paparazzi "I won't do anything publicly interesting if you agree not to follow me." - Matt Damon
A twinkie for every hour of gardening! Or just dangle a twinkie on a stick in front of me. Hehehe.
Following ya Goldie!! :) *Hugs*
This timeline is moving faster than Bristol Palin at an all-you-can-eat moose-meat buffet.
I Help Everybody Out When Theyre Sad Tell Em Everythings Gunna Be Ok&When Im Depressed It Seems Like I GotNobody 2 TellMeThat,True Friends<3
Who are the best liberal bloggers?
French says, "You can use technology. (And you should)."
Extras Needed! Gordon Pictures Christian Movie "Without A Father" If you are willing to help us please call Shamika at 210-300-1434.
Shop in Bellevue is Kid Friendly need to know how many other Kid Friendly (Play area) Shops you have in Puget Sound?
#newspaces4learning theory into practice
Some guy on RNG kinna reminded me of Vinny.. the way he danced.
remember the song! Lol i whip my hair back and forth!
don't forget... wearing a dearth vader mask with mean joe green filming it on a droid.
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Christian D. Larson
that's what I'm talkin about!
I want a relationship wit no sex for a while. Sex be messin up shit.
RT : Packers killing it in the draft. Ted Thompson doing work.
great D in the end zone by #Rampage turns into an upwind goal. PHI answers w/ goal. #Spinners up 12-6.
A business is prosperous to the degree that it offers a product or service that makes a contribution to joy in all of its forms.
I could see Jack being the type that tweets before/after/during sex
Don't know why I'm just now following
Make this program what it is today. Best of luck to Wash U. In the post season.
Off work.<U+270C>Long day. Just cooling now <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Can someone please make a decision regarding Titty Glitter Mondays?
Woot! RT : Delighted to announce that I'll be joining Barrett Honors College as a Faculty Fellow @ Arizona State in Jan 2013!
I will probably go back at some point at least part time. Have considered statistics, comp sci, and bfa. I like to learn.
Depuy Pinnacle Lawsuit: Femur Fracture and the Risks It Involves
Yes we all understand Beyonce is pregnant. Now shut the fuck up.
haha nah man no crack heads or cheeseburger spots yet
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. Abraham Lincoln”
Guess I'll go ta PNC tmrw cause ion feel lik gettin up today until I gotta go ta work
Guess What? It's holiday party season and if you book now receive a special gift! So get on the horn and email
and I are such kidsters. :)
ha k then..
Where do babies come from
Now tweeting over on
Yep, I actually listen to them. I happen to like 'em quite a bit:)
Wow. Not a good day for last.fm.
#ComedyAwards! SO much better than the
Amen Alex the amt. of money Dr's get to sign a careplan is ridiculous. WEALTH is the word and it is legal.
It's all good buddy. Must be nice :)
MUSIC SOUNDS BETTER WITH YOU BABY
hey waz up there
I didn't think it was going to get stuck in there!
It will be on the #awesomeness network, which debuts in June. The YouTube network initiative should be fascinating.
: Thanks for following back Eileen. Best time of the year in S Florida. Temp in mid 70s.
Wow a protest in Cambridge, Schocking! The peoples Republic
Lol well you don't have to do Insanity yet, but get in a nice 30 minute workout.
This year going by too fast , like yesterday we were picking out classes we want to take next year. Let's see what happens next.
We just signed up with direct tv yesterday in order to get NFL Sunday ticket. Just another option for you. :-)
John Adams, former Archbishop Mitty HS (San Jose) with the nice assist for Lehigh bucket against Duke. Teammate of Drew Gordon, New Mexico
My dream ruined my nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." ~Harriet Beecher Stowe
You're right about how ugly the brute-force is, since the "real" solution is a *very* pretty cluster of integrals
bad news: its real life!
Thank you for your continued support of HBCUs and PBIs. You are truly one of our Congressional Champions!
...the time, but I expect some sort of lower price when I want to buy a Kindle version.
YES IM FINALLY MOVING!!! no to jersey tho... i have to stay in this stupid town...
Students interested in becoming teachers: tell us how you'd like to use technology for learning, starting 3/1!
I feel like shit .
am I rolling wit u boys tn???
days like this i just want to be home vibing watching 106 its hot as ever in florida!!
I always put a boot on my truck, even in the barn.
Welcome to the Indigo Hell!
Hi ! I am adding you to my timeline and #Milwaukee list. Loving our weather, summer is here!
Oops Watching the moment after
Thank you and the same to you! I'm so pleased to be your follower!
If you have trouble sleeping, I recommend getting comfy and watching "Thunderbirds Are GO!".
Best of luck to and at their combine camp. Make an Impact and show them how does it!
Follow us on twitter, twitter.com/tourstoptv
i need followers.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
For those of you who doubt any pronunciations in the #50shades series, may I ask you to check Merriem Webster to make sure YOU'RE not wrong?
As always, has beautiful slides that emphasize the concepts he's presenting.
hey there its ok I know ur on the move, just wanted to make sure I said the name correctly b4 I recorded. Hit me when ya can
Where's your favorite spot on the island to enjoy a refreshing beverage?
Lights were off it would come out of my closet and go back and fourth from one side till I turned on the lights , glad its gone
please don't do it
Cameron has her 'Mary' hair back! Minus the DNA, of course.
that's correct!
SMH...THESE PPL SAD...
Now entering Rankin county
I am regretting it this morning, though.
my heart's been troubled by the speed of love
Rain falls on everyone/The same old rain.
First Noise Pop highlight of the week, missing shoes or not: Just incredible.
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Aha , my song !
The moment when you realize your coffee is too cold to drink....
Stunning selection! First place is truly amazing.
I would have been good with just butter too. M butter.
aw good molls
morning wake-up song: "Jacking the Ball" - The Sea and Cake
Just one more day to get through, then tonight it's (Mike Birbiglia) at The Moore!
So, I'm researching Ohio only now... less complicated? Oh well... in touch with three other programs already... slight delay. :)
Life is consumed with, love, hate, care, forgetting, forgiving, and memories.
lol, yes you are. We have to make u a costume now;)
Omg i want to cry
jimmy gets my vote
Only if it's at the KK. I like the underagers. A
congrats on another super bowl. Someday Ill know what it is like. Rangers are looking good too, could be the year of NY.
+100 RT : you are brave & amazing. Thank you for speaking out.
I can't wait to get my yearbook on Wednesday!
I'll be there. Should be a great show.
Ha, love the name! Yes it has been too long. If I can't make it, let's not wait until #notatIAsummit :)
Ok, I won't. I want the same.
chilin here at my homies house watching tv and drinking and hes pased out already
yankeeincanada: sla2010 had 74 followers in its first day! wins for guessing 50 - closest w/o going over. now day 2. any take ...
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
TODAY! RT : Do your hips/ knees hurt from running? FREE clinic with Dr. Maiers Fishers location 5-6:30pm.
black and silver, black and silver, black and silver
Congratulations! You've won our family 4 pack to our Family Day this Sunday in New York City. we will dm with details :)
Colleagues asked how realistically I was going to re-create those escapades... My historical accuracy doesn't goes that far.
You can only give yourself so many pep talks before you realize it's weird that you talk to yourself so much.
Even before a word is on my tongue, behold, O Lord, you know it altogether. Psalm 139:4 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
it's been a blast.
I really fall asleep while showering or doing normal things like brushing my teeth but once im in bed i cant sleep. The fuckkkk
Love it! Thats the best episode!
Ruiz: acknowledges multiplicity of funding options. Usac has a doc online which offers recommendations and guidance.
Looks like it's official. Oregon's GOP debate has been cancelled. Both Romney and Santorum bailed.
aha hey(:
it wnt take long u bild head n e ways n aw look at my sis her so cute n her avi ;-)
When your so bored you cant think of anything to do besides tweet.
Hope everyone has a little someone in mind for international #ChildrensBookDay! I will be reading a tale via #FaceTime to my niece in FL!
RT what you gone work on..upper body
Hope you enjoyed your lunch! Did you claim your special offer??
thanks man
haha wasn't me luckily, that was
anythG with naked bodies simulatG sex will get viewers...#HBO #Girls is NOT a hit. Internet porn, X DVDs are hits!
secret circle got cancelled Faack you television people. Cant you cut of actually stupid shows?
Support us :(
Fake Vomit Recipe, FYI: oatmeal, green and yellow food coloring. Simpler than anticipated.
#WhatILoveAboutTwitter Celebrity Parody Accounts
you can tell her, she's mine too (; lol
I agree. Already the sports show are on it. It was game one. Today is a new day. Win tonight.
Tan lines.
"What's your tangible good?"-me
Tech in schools has been used toward efficiency rather than learning and imagination
Who gon stop me huh?
Ryan Braun tests positive for steroids and can face a 50 game suspension to begin the year
maybe true in the UK, but absolutely does not apply in the US.
Ever wondered how we buy, trade, or sell you clothes? Click on our "About" link to find out more info!
Goodnight sexy ;)
If you have the time to tweet or update your status, use the time to tell your girl 'hey' or that you love her.
Do you have a publicist/agent/manager I can talk to for a potential branded op? Let me know, thanks!
This week's show is now available on itunes, just search for "The Wired World of Sports" ... topics include NFL HOF, NFL, MLB, CCL, UCL ...
I adore this girl. She makes my day. <U+E415>
Do the gutless Koch brothers have the balls to debate ? At two-against-one she has them so outnumbered...
#fiestafriday!! turn you radio up!! is mixing live from at 10pm stream online www.power983fm.com RT
I can not wait to see you either! I will definitely hit you up before hand! :)
Tomorrow's going to be hard. /:
Braids are back! Check out some cool new ways to wear this trend for Fall. Do you have a favorite?
Just found out our client did his first presention and closed 43percent
Gearing up to see Did You Mean Australia tonight!
I've never looked forward to a teacher evaluation as much I do for this calc class today
sleepy as f
Hillary Duff Beer
lmao where did you imagine I was from?
Last day of class!!!
Slowly but surely I'm making my way in the twitter world! Life is great right now! RT if u agree...n if u don't FYL!
don't do anything but fuckin lie!
#askmikey does he get special attention in school?! Shoutout to alexa in texas!:))
#UKnowURHigh When you #Tweet about so much they
me neither. But as a measure of the notion of "field" i think it has legs.
ugh -- helicopters to the north. for #occupythefarm?
Gloomy day got you down? Stop by the Distillery for a cocktail to turn that frown upside down! Free tours at 2pm and 4pm as well!
I am the 1 percent! And I'm proud of it! I know and U KNOW who my challenger is! THE DOORS ARE OPEN!
I'm pretty sure people say the same thing about you. RT Obama will say and do ANYTHING.
this person does! It was very distinctly munching--not nibbling or biting into or gnawing on. Just casual munching.
Bout to go get some of this Korean soup with my love. Trynna get rid of this sickness. Thank You, Lord, for being my healer.
it should probably go to me
RT“: Another day another dollar”
You know its going to happen
You don't need anyone's permission to from an #Occupy group and begin protesting honorably and effectively. Trust you gut.
I'm directing a reading tonight of Kim Hanna's Driving To The Moon ,7pm followed by a talkback. PayWhatYouCan!
bebe dropped? Mazal tov. Wanna hear about nasty terror incompetence etc, or want to stay in the cocoon? Let me know! :)
Rev Al Sharpton, good point!
I need coffee kahlua brownie ice cream
I hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable 4th of July Weekend! Now back to work...
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
Just joined Pintrest and kind of don't get it or care to use it. Bahh.
I'm sitting in my la-z-boy “: Hot yoga time, post rehearsal... I succumb to the heat and focus on conditioning. No pain, no fear.”
Great panel - Economic Impact of Fitness Industry in Vancouver USA! Thrilled to assist in bringing sports events to
gotta wonder what the rest of the B1G thinks of #Spartans #Badgers #Buckeyes & #Wolverines in every athletic championship
It's not always what you say that matters, sometimes it's what you don't say - Mr.Krabs
Amazing show. Awesome hang. Thank you dude! Lookin’ forward to the next time…
Wake up <U+2192> sleep again for 15 minutes <U+2192> the real wake up.
Hi Lauren - The fun has arrived.
I've got popcorn AND a soda.
the more you breathe, the more you let trees live. The more people die, the more trees die. Stop war! Protect the trees!
RT : Looking for a church filled with ordinary people seeking extraordinary lives? Come check out " -thanks!
today is Free Fries Friday, I'll be there soon!
Indeed! Or, relatedly, nothing succeeds like success.
so tru bro..my wife's filipino and i can't tell diff btwn her clothes and my 3 year olds..lol
Just outed by my itunes screensaver launching into bagpipe music during a performance review. #ouch sorry
Because all religious books should be filed in that category!
How much fun is this?! RT : We are having another on April 14th! Look forward to putters in the Third Ward.
“: Just finished season 2 finale of Boardwalk Empire. I'm fucking speechless. SPEECHLESS!!!” AGREED!! I was floored!
Happy Friday!
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because half the world dnt even genuinely love themselves
i just had to pull my boy off of ...dogs never forget..
Just because you're so cocky, I'm going to blow you
Thanks Cecile! Hopefully I'll be seeing you around!
I really hate seeing United all over this airport. Proof that I have indeed become a Houstonian.
That really is the heart of the matter.
haha. It's always nice to have a clean professional twitter account! =)
yea that's all it is, aux is just a general term for something that adds to, n this case a radio. Usb is the most universal
“Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.” <U+2015> H. Jackson Browne
Hello Twitter! I think I can love you...
'Did we realize our love, or was it just misplaced.'
I love that one kid who asks the professor 100 questions just to pass time in class.
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy. Other times, it is a real pain in the rear. Your home can sit on the mark
Tell everyone about us! Follow and support us!! We're so close to entering HHI and ABDC-9 :)
haha aw thank you! :D and I think his accent is so cute too! :D
Don't let them see your kindness as weakness
. #StaceyBobble all time fave still " did you not get the memo???!!! "
good for you. I know you are an excellent business man. You are an excellent man :-)
YES! going to the concert with it's going to be so much fun. :D <33
moved? Oy. Grab a coffee one of these days, shall we?
Don't fake like you smoke when you don't or talk like you're rich when your broke
A4: the amazing landscape & photo ops!
Im gonna be ready to Tie-Die tomarrow :) :) Bring Messy Clothes guys!
BITCHES WILL DIE *pulls out gun*
turntable->mixer->kaoss pad thru send channel->laptop running audiomulch (w/apc40 & foot controller mappings)->back to mixer
Watching Barnard commencement w/ Prez on MSNBC. Bet dad Mark Alan Siegel kvelling in audience, his daughter graduating today!
fever claim you too lol
Whenever I start to miss you, I remind myself of the bitch you are and why I made this decision.
Im honored to create the great Muppet!
On my way to ATT for Cal v OSU. Go Bears
A2: Utilizing locally sourced foods not only creates the brightest flavors but allows us to support our community as well!
got nothing
My Saturday ..... Wasted !
Happy mother's day mommy<3
Just played travel guide for a couple visiting from Italy. They are going to see the best of now.
Random but what happened to all those people talking about justice for Trayvon.....
I just emailed you. Im tryin to get the beats leased. I cant figure it out... Hit me up
just checking on u ladies...,love
I just wanna see Prometheus
. really duped me today. Baltimore Dad? Well done, sir.
wish i could! on the bus home from a field trip! haha
"New Years Eve and a cup of noodles..." I feel you Carrie Bradshaw
GO #GIANTS!
Today is shaping out in favor of a lil ol black girl with big eyes from ga...whowudathunkit! lol ;)))
Goal Del Zotto!!!
#IfYouKnowMeWell..then don't cross me..
Hey, remember when Bobby Valentine was almost the Brewers manager?
Judge Grendell will allow the media to cover #chardon shooting proceedings of TJ Lane but not take photographs of faces of Lane or family
#hungergames : good, but don't think it lived up to the hype
Ok - I missed something. Meatloaf? Guns N Roses? What did I say to illicit that response. #CrazyMonday ;)
Watching my man warmup #RondosWife checking in <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Ya Funny Lol Ol Wolf Lookin Ass
Get out of the rain and enjoy some beer. We also have the #CAPS on.
2012 election. He knows if he takes the progressive hard stance against war and banks he will not get support of $ and the complex.
ma nigga i'm faded faded faded
Finally back in Baltimore and heading straight to bed. Got a lot of catching up to do from this Sunday in Sports in the am
what's up Breau?
CHICAGOO tomorrow with my boy hella excited !!
k CS pica!!
Introducing LinkedIn to my Workplace Technology students tonight!
If you mess with the CEO & the Chairman of the Mr McMahon you will be Fired!!!!! :)
Women Journalists in Egypt
Life's short. Love yourself, fight for your future and never give up! Chase your passion, not, your pension!
you cant have it!!!
e! Watching u on espn!
I think I would want to chill with George Washington, Mainly because I want/need to rock the powdered wig!
Hang up over whether he should plead guilty or no contest. Rivera doesn't know difference. Exactly what I'd expect at 5 on Mon. afternoon.
that could be more embarrassing than my ICP poster.
I love when I'm told what I'm doing by others. Shut the fuck up. You're not me so you obviously DON'T FUCKING KNOW
Positive thinking without positive action gets you positively nothing
you know how we do it!!! I wish I cld be there too! Trust me, our day is coming very soon! Love you BUNCHES!!!
I find problems with every home we look at! I just cannot decide! What is going to help me make up my mind?
i did, but then got hammered and forgot! Should be posted soon.
Confused but Proud.
Tell me you aren't trying this again? Tell me.
Agree-only time will tell! Tons of parents do things correctly & tons incorrectly -Both have lasting impact but which is which?
500 days of summer > Hands down, best movie ever.
Chilly? Come to for some soup: Corn Chowder * Moroccan Lentil 2day!
Wow! Interesting RT : Kentucky Senate Majority Leader David Williams will be on KSR Radio with me
I may just buy a chevy sonic bc they produced one of my favorite car commercials of all time. And then donate it to charity. But still.
WE ARE INDEED STILL FRIENDS. did tell you I'm coming down for an OCC lunch in the coming weeks??
Just ordered my copy. So excited!
enjoying the music this AM!! Thanks!!
We all have friends who make up wierd names for us!!!
Saw some animal planet type stuff today
Going to the store late night in pajamas.
Happy Friday Twitter Pals!!!
Good Morning ! ;0] tag ur it...
I want Future to disappear. His music is horrible and itz agonizing to my ears.....another embarrassment to black people as a race.
lololol you weirdo;)
Going in hard
#music PC is writing some more today
": wow .. Smh! You use to hit my cousin cousin also & caitlyn!" Hahaha ok I lied only if they deserved it
bahahahaah RT lmao oh he gon cry in the car!!! “: u never win your black!”
Who's going to see the Rebirth Brass Band at the Echoplex this Sunday?
Watching movies and pigging out me my bro
I love being one of those teenagers that doesn't feel like growing up.
no you cant
You showed me........ #love like none other
Looking forward to form based code orientation beginning @ 2
I really need ya help big brotha. Holla - GOD bless
My twifey. I had to divorce her .
ha ha I don't playy you feel me..!
im following u xD follow back ? (:
Deeze ppl tryin to get over on me can't believe it
Many thanks to and . Enjoyed the ride.
I dont have your number!
Over the past few years, Washington and Pittsburgh have faced off in a tight playoff series and more recently the 2011 Winter Classic
yes we do were you in a car accident?
RT : RT : #Bank of America to #Mortgage #Originators on #Buyback Claims: “Heads I Win, Tails I Still Win”...
Be careful with your words. Once they're said, they can only be forgiven not forgotten.
ib does nothing but upset my tummy and nothing for my migraines. I have a pill box like a 85 yr old for migraines.
bounce bounce
Hope it went well and you have a beautiful room!
sister!! I miss you!! Will I see you in June?!
Oh I know about it. Frankly the BSU folks were so rude to me, I opted not to spend my $ going.
eating 400 less daily cals of unhealthy food gives a 2 1/2 times higher risk of ab obesity than eating big portions of healthy food
Drinking some 100% malt
Everyone wants happiness, nobody wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
When me and were like dying on the floor because our stomachs hurt so bad <<
Come to tonight's FREE preview of the Greendale episode of #AroundTheCorner with John McGivern at the #GreendaleVisitorsCenter at 5:30 & 7p!
The new Time Magazine cover is blowing up my twitter feed. Wow.
Royals tickets right behind home plate on the last day of school against the Red Sox!
:/ awee your always so busy, you havnt been on in 11 days
the way you do anything is the way you do everything
#nowplaying Hear Me Now
In my house..lol upstairs with da lights off
she is correct! I wear a bib, when I watch him on the show, it is that bad!
Hello! Thanks for the great info. Keep it up.
training in jersey city...
I have a feeling that people just really don't get me. It can be annoying at times...~>
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her."
How long until one of these iPhone photo apps update with a TSA-like, pseudo body scan filter?
A TAI player review of former Denver #Nugget Nene coming soon...
#Yankees offense missing. Reward if found.
left, unless you were planing on pimping out a few ho's on you downtime*
I didn't yet but I plan to when I get home. I want to make it my text tone. Thanks for posting it.
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone in Canada!!
I'm craving Wendy's STUPID COMMERCIALS
No!! This nigga phone CAN'T be dead right now! Smh.
This just in! DonKhoury predicts Ol' Floppy Arms will be the next Mayor of Chicago!
We tweeted it, is there any way you can grab it from twitter.
Vacation please
Love my Jayhawks. No shame in one heck of a season!!
yes i did! she had a pretty clear vision of what she wanted too, which was great
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU CHARLES
If you are attending the Textiles Show in Istanbul, be sure to listen to Mujde Abdis present seasonal trends!
If today is a day you honor, honor the reason everyday, If u visit a church don't make it ur once a year quota....
The persistent buildup of acids causes acidosis which is responsible for bone loss, imflammation, premature aging and more.
i have an outlet mall by my house that has over 100 designer brand stores :)
The win only serves as juxtaposition against the losses. It almost makes me want to cry more. Not sure Ned notices ANYTHING.
yes ma'am!!
On the plane. LA here I come!
In my informal poll 75% of people do not like peeps. I'm surprised.
Sorry can't talk... busy hyperventalating.
Gack!! The #ASTD2012 app on my iPad has no idea who I am and no record of my selected schedule?!?!?!
Just told my mom I need to be put on Adderall. Her response 'no you dont because obviously you don't have a hard time getting it.'
Hypothetical question: Which list is more talented and will win a World Series first? The Yankees' 25-man, or the Yankees' DL?
I miss my nose piercing :c
at like 10
oh, the terror of the blank page in my tumblr.
10 hours from now, we'll be shakin West Chester to its very foundations. Where will you be?
Thanks, the money became available sometime this morning.
Saturday on the scooter and lunch #Tremont647. Great margaritas and bloody marys!
My favorite band and singer together?! D: I MUST GO!!! :D
Thanks for listing #WritingEditing /local-biz !
Rejection is not defeat !! Don't get it twisted! Try Try Again
The fact that I saw lightning ten minutes ago and continue to hear thunder is making my night just so much more enjoyable. :)
Pretty picture ! :)
#EMAC students, there were zmail issues yesterday. If you do not receive a response from me w/in 24 hrs pls (nicely) re-email. Many thx.
Happy birthday to my best friend, my mom, and Walt Disney today! What a day to celebrate!
busy season ahead for you! Can't wait to create some beautiful books for your beautiful work!
so done trying please everyone else time to please myself
Last time I give my number via twitter
(that's not actually my new jam. it's my month-long jam.)
The Wine Group, the world's third largest winery by volume, announced it has entered into U.S. distribution agreement with Bodegas Trapiche
If I saw Russel Martin on the street with that mustache I would think he was a rapist.
Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx.
Oh, I'll be watching!
This show Extreme Cribs is crazy!
I was listening to "Power" and overcooked my chicken parmesan. I WILL SUE THE SHIT OUT OF KANYE WEST!! Nope. Still not old.
That's the long answer. lol The short--I was impatient. If there's one thing a Montessori parent must be it's patient, right?
fuck mothers day.
My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday <U+2665>2
We should not celebrate the un-natural act of Transgendered individuals? Why are christians not speaking up on this issue?
Someone play me in Draw Something!!! Rifframbitches <~~~username
Those people at the airport that look like the type to hijack a plane... *shaking & crying in my seat*
Always good to make a fashion statement @ 8am! RT : wear that to the next , please and thank you.
(THEY'D BETTER NO IT) HERE NOW...
Thx for the tweet!
I am so sorry (x1 million) I can't go to youth group cuz i have pink eye in both eyes! #Pain Take Pics of Justin plz?
If drops FX, I am switching service. Can't be w/o my SOA! Hating them as much as Clay right now.
The Geatest man to ever live, Audie Murphy,
Looking at the year book from6th grade and 33 teachers iether got fired or left our school in just three years.
I needa start gettin my business going!! Im bein such a slacker! :(
I created a short examp Prezi for 7th graders, they picked it up quickly & made pretty good presentations w/ little help from me
the way #LFC fans treat King Kenny reminds me of North Korea and Kim Il-Sung
Each day try to accomplish what you have been putting off the most. You may be stunned by how much easier the rest of your day goes!
just checked out that tune, sounds like a SHIT TON of spring reverb and delay. Miss ya, buddy.
I was at event six or seven years ago where Ozzie was posing as Jose.
I'm hoping Skins lose Sunday, it will make great radio next week.
How the Cloud is Reshaping the IT Help Desk... Iteon Consulting has the expertise to move services to the cloud and support strategic IT in…
-____- really ?! you no longer can criticize my spelling errors...... cigarettes******
I think it would be really neat! Heck, or even your art on postcards! Sorry my brain is in creative mode. I had caffeine!
I'm just so bad with feelings
Ty for the mention....:)
happens to me all the time! Frustrating...
Yay! I look in the mail today.. And I got my own copy of Practical Origami published by via !
There are two types of baguettes: the "Ficelle" and the "Baguette Rustique". Firehook's baguette is the "Rustique".
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your tweets
I'm good and getting ready to go to work, how about u?
I can't imagine the mad scramble that must be launch day. Thanks for all the hard work!
hit that one on the nail!
Contd... #cildc #f105 I'm assuming you don't want them checking in on foursquare?
+10000 RT : Twitter is not a broadcast medium. Engage.
Halfway Through The Week! Make a Decision By Friday On How Much To Increase Your 401K Contributions and Plan a More Robust Retirement Today!
Late night studying....finals will soon be over. Then summer and room to BREATHE. Everyone loves that feeling, am I right :) ??
Are you going to replay your favorite #superbowl spots tomorrow morning? Always fun to hear esp. with commentary. :-)
Has anyone seen the new Sherlock Holmes movie?
I tip my hat to all the mothers that work at flower stores on mother's day. This one goes out to you.
What's your fave album?
god morning tweeters! what better time than to do "that thing" that you keep putting off? today's the perfect day, so go for it! : )
#CorporateGreed brought to you by Walmart. 24 million dollars for Bribes no raise for me . Thanks Walmart! follow rt
you may be on to a winner there!
I'm looking for a navel ring and/or swimsuit vendor/sales rep.
Love how people use facebook invite responses to brag. "sry cnt make it tnight. Headed to NYC for blahblahblah." Um, thanks for sharing.
Woody was great in Game Change
Eminem feat Rihanna-I love the way you lie...
#iwasthinkin why never notices me. :/
These gluten-/dairy-free pancakes from TJ's are really gross...they remind me of mochi.
Was telling a story about My fav 15yo in world says "is that the young guy with the cheek bones?" yes, yes it is.
Thanks Gabe, you too....hope to see you playing again soon :)
me too shes had from day 1!!
Fuck That I Said Pic Posting Look At My Profile Pic Get Off Like Nuts Ewwwww Hahaha.
So much for that. Tebow!!!
MT: “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” -
Self Directed IRA Rollovers – Exactly what are They? Why Would ...
ur so handsome
”A collaborative approach” to solving problems M. Lagarde ”Sustainable Growth” w
If this doesn't get you cooking (and bartending) I don't know what will! www.gojee.com (via)
it's 5 o'clock somewhere.. breaking out some moscato. who says wine and packing don't mix?
Where would this world be without Marlyn Monroe ,Dolly Parton,Madonna ,Lady GaGa If these girls don`t prove blondes have more fun who does!
#Life why do you despise me so much, is it cause im young fly & talented? Lol..
Love u Girl....Cant wait for you to come back to LA.... We will Make u some Bank
YES. YES. YES. YES. YES!
Lmao he asked her for gas money. Bwahahaha
One of the best writers i rep! RT : I already know.
Dear NESN/FSN: not everyone has a 16:9 screen. Letterbox your your SD feeds please. I don't want to watch 2/3 of a game.
Thank you J Frank!
I r b still up. Though, not for long :i/
Hopefully gonna have an early end to the shoot today- Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival here I come!!!
I wish I had you to hug.
Make it snow!
I didn't take a nap today
Thanks so much for following me. I hope my tweets inspire you.
Hope you're having an amazing time! Totes jealous!
Watched another crazy movie, Robbin said the book was even more disturbing - 'Let's talk about Kevin.' Damn. (with Robbin)
Softball season opener tonight at 7. It's raining. I can throw 7 strong in the slop.
I have no clue, maybe your getting to much of a boner over Twitter, I guess
There would be no way I would let a presidential candidate pick up and kiss my baby. Especially Gingrich.
Watching movies chillin
Just woke up from a slightly too-long nap and I don't feel terrible.
Great NIT run by UMass. Next year they'll be ready to make some noise in the Big Dance.
Awwready!! I like the way you operate!!
“: YES!!!” had pepperoni today!
what's your other imagines account? :)x
#MIOBI Lauren in surgery!!!
that is not all that special considering.
hired a new attorney - Beth Otero - starting in a few days.
Today only!! Buy ANY loaf of bread, get a baguette FREE! AS WELL AS buy any 2 croissants get the 3rd FREE!!
I have a half brother and many cousins on my biological father's side. I am so thankful that God has allowed this connection!
If you fall, I'll be there for you -Floor
I'm such a boss but carry myself like a lady : )
Just a Reminder: Visit www.redcross.org or call 1-800-RED-CROSS; people can also text the word “REDCROSS” to 90999 to make a $10 donation.
Ugh back to school Monday :(
Hasleen Kaur Miss Earth India 2011 denies report that she was detained in Mumbai airport.
In Situ => In its original place, in position
from this morn : No worries.Sounds like those chickens never made it to the boat ;-)
is everything ok babygirl
Many people die with their music still in them
Michael Jackson lol good morning Blair Underwood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
what up with that?
Just thought of a suggestion- talk SPSEA. I have some friends there if you need any contacts!
come in & give us a try! Then write a fan review on our Facebook page. There will be a random drawing Wednesday! Best of luck!
Somehow though, any time I'M near anyone, they get more famous.
operation smoke is a "no-go" now:(
Noted speakers addressing economic development resources & governor's funding initiatives Power Breakfast.
aww I barely saw this :') haha thank you!!:D
There's nothing like listening to Brian Eno's "Music for Airports" on a 70s "surround sound" system in the library AV room.
Had an awesome (if very indoor) weekend at #WSJdata - thanks !
Now taking res. for the hottest tkt in town:Gold Coast Int'l Film Fest.entries from Berlin, Cannes, Sundance+new films this June. msg me!
Sox, Celtics losing, and losing ugly
Miss you in the wwe!! Girl
really!? Just doodles? :-)
Thank you to the affable Prof. Stone for a really fantastic talk on design & information.
When it's all over, it's not who you were. It's whether you made a difference.
Hardest part of hanging out alone in a bar is pretending to like Family Guy
hopefully if keep cheering it on it will work! #PHISH #ComeOnDown #Please?
Time to get at that dubstep!
J Carlson: data curation profile--"reference interview on steroids"
I do everything and anything for anyone and I get called selfish? I guess...
Someone say's let's make yesterday Jealous....Goodpoint
M83 tonight! Can't wait!
“: you're such a babe”
I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation--F.S. Osgood
Romans 4:8 KJV Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Take a look around. Tears from they eyes, knees on the ground. Money in the sky, take a look around.
I met BBop on Craigslist.
glad you are making money its all about information and you know the Vault on information I have #MLB #NBA tonight
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Today is the big day: Balboa Idol & Festival of the Arts! It's gonna be fun!
in other news, apparently members of the wiggles look like the gym teacher from diary of a wimpy kid.
#Romney to win #Wisconsin, Fox News projects
thanks for the follow... Site will be live soon... Looking or models!
Trainer “Sunny” Jim Fitzsimmons, also a Hall of Famer, holds the record for trainers with seven Wood Memorial winners
Love the Call of Duty commercial. Talk about some star power. Geeks have truly taken over the world. Yay!
I heared the boys saw you yesterday. Sorry I wasn't there. hope u had fun though! ^_^
and no sugar, extra jetlag.
That moment when you feel like you're surrounded by INCREDIBLY smart people and it makes you really grateful.
This female is tripping
See you there! rt“: #CombatPaper workshop sat ”
thanks for the response. Like everyone else hoping for the best. Love the blog!
I'm going to frame it and hang it on my wall.
good to hear it went well. I the month has flown by.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
stateside, we refer to that diet as Lettuce-And-Sorrow.
U can have the world, its music, power, culture, and everything that comes with it. #givemejesus #
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
Life is so goo....just sold some eights yahhh
i would but ur not here for me to #drink off of
You know what sounds good right now??? Wilson's.
stfu,,, i never eat your fuckin' cookies.. its all urs ((;
Hi Im GORGEOUS GIRL
watching her. It was pretty funny! And I know, they were adorable together!
definitely not english but i love hot tea with milk.
ok cool I'm still waiting on the track for the last one.....
"You are a minister and all ground is holy." responds to question from director of spiritual life Todd Clayton.
I know ! :c lol
Glad we go to theatre 45 min early. We actually got good seats. And Colton is here... Again. Addicted?
About to take off to Central America bye USA see u in 3 weeks.
MURFC(1-2) suffered a crushing defeat yesterday at the hands of UW-Platteville(2-1). It will be an uphill battle from here on out.
Lucroy plunked by the #Cardinals McClellan.
I never really know either haha! I would love to meet up though if you're out and about! I'm super entertaining! Whatcha think?
In a democracy, you need access to the vote to be free. In a capitalist economy, you need access to capital to be truly free.
No right way to find a statute--legal databases, im a friend, library, google. v. memorable slide of fake im session.
just watched ur battle round. Amazing job! I soo need a dress like that! Where'd u find it? :) *muah*
dude I was there in spirit repping
Painful? RT: : nothin like that just waxed armpit feeling
Why did I poo in the woods today
It's hard to be an "artist", either ppl take every word you say & misconstrue, or they don't take what u say seriously..it's a lonely life.
Are there tools to track traffic to a website you don't control the code for... such as your LinkedIn page?
lol. I'm sorry
One in seven thinks end of world is coming: poll - Reuters
My 1st priority would be a solid vision of what the role and purpose of the library is.
but what i learned is not to trust. now true love will come first <3
your sexy just saying
Good call. Blondes are nothing but trouble. Them and red heads.
Thanks Chicago for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
That's awesome!
No snow yet in DC. I wish, when I was younger, my school closed w/just the threat of snow. I'm keeping my eyes on the sky. Stay away snow.
All I'm saying is that WI got what it wanted now it's paying the price. Just like Bush in '04. People only complain when too late.
Ahww thank you
#transmediaholluwood3 makes me so excited!!! The panel begins!
most amateur bands think they're preparing for the NBA, but they're really just playing Horse in their backyard
Shout out is to
We got a rally going, uh oh uh oh
Just Wanted to say Good Morning #TPlush and we love you!!
not even saying anything about lbj vs kobe. all im saying is espn grills lebron for passin/ listening to coach
Productively using my skills and seeking new avenues to produce explosive material and provoke thought through consciousness.
keep doin your thing bro im proud if you. Dont stop. By any means make it happen. Make this shit happen
when you coming to Milwaukee to ?
I mean you grown af stay out of little kids conversations!
Listening to #DearMYRTLE on #Geneablogger radio broadcast.
We sure are fans of and his daughter , and their healthy eating and healthy living tips.
Goodnight Twitter
' I'll catch it eventually!!
i love how Elise sings #Vienna . I'm jealous. lol
I appreciate that! #Radio # Entertainterment #Internet #jazz #DJ's
Very excited about our Lunch & Learn #PoweringthePossible event on the ACS campus today!
thanks for clarifying, i missed it in tweetchat, had to go to twitter home page to see it! :(
Up and on my way to Philly. Tired af this is now not my time of morning FML
So TRUE! If you want an exec to care, show that you care by knowing a little about their company and what they want.
yes it is working, nice butt!
Flash mobs have their own show on Fox now.
I adopted Kyle 13 years ago today. Said goodbye to him 4 weeks ago today. I hate everything. :'(
your welcome!(: and I read your bio...which keek are you in?<U+062A>
it's truee
": good looks my g" u already noe I got my chicken up I want u to produce a mixtape 4 me
Happy New Year everyone. we are taking a quiet day here to reflect and direct or efforts for the coming year. with much love -Nowhere
where you at?
thanks! Saiyyan Re isn't really a FIT song, but Koi Kahe is on our featured five-- which choreographed!
still want that motorcycle?
I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break. I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break. I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break.
Still in court with the todos somos arizona defendants. If you're in downtown come on by to show support at press conference. 11:30.
I know right its because my class basically thought that it was gonna be easy to raise money but now we gotta pay friggin $100
#republicans explain to me why adding millions of people to a market is a job killer?
that would be a Start to FUN!! *wink*
Why is my stomach making such weird noises..?
Also: hopes, dreams, souls... RT : It smells like something died in this post office. Probably someone waiting in line.
Eat the pussy til she cry
Hey there, you remember me.? I'm the girl you left for her.
#IveAlwaysWantedTo know you love me. Not have these confused feelings. I want to just know.
Best part of NFL draft watching how the picks go down. Worst watching a favorite player go to an opposing team
No one likes a liar..besides the pretty, little ones
Are u home?
Bill Gates' house was designed using a Macintosh computer.
I'm convinced bar deville is truly the best Saturday night dance party in Chicago. #cheekyapproved. But shhhh...
you might think the price of Arborio rice quite extravagant for the size of the container...
<U+2665> They say when you find the one, there will be no second guessing<U+2665>
hey don't u go to longwood high school
Andres was a Northeastern University student who worked with ICDS as a co-op during Spring Semester 2010.
Happy Friday as always :)
My mind tells my brain what to do
Is it just me, or is there no "share" option for things that show up in newsfeed on Facebook Mobile?
Those creepy that follow you on twitter and tou have absolutely no idea who they are...
I can't wait for the premiere..
packing blows but every time I see my asshole neighbors, I go pack another box.
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms in the world... Especially mine :)
I'm having a twitter party tonight instead (;
Accustom yourself continually to make acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul. ~ St. Teresa of Avila
It's called pulling a "Harvick"!
Thanks! That'd certainly make me walk a little taller. How's training going?
ice cold.
oh my god
Been on the roof.
If i played runescape id be like bong making lvl82
"I'm THEIR PRODUCT. It's vital you sell me..."[bleep] [Performance has been removed because it violates the App Store TOS]
Bro, I'm ready to get out of this room. Help me... :(
wish you were with us!
It's American Beer Day and we'll drink to that. Who's with us?
digging blip.fm.
GO's lasers fill the stadium nicely... The guy sitting behind me doesn't look amused, though. Guess he's saving his glow sticks for Trent.
Just b/c you're the boss doesn't make you a leader.
You is real though no fake , but you complain alot i cant call you fake .
is sierra on !
#FF Small Businesses!
youre proud of this?
Nice! How is it over there?!
#FridayReads A Visit From the Goon Squad by Jennifer Egan and your tweets.
Camel toe. Check.
I hope people really don't think I care, cuz I don't !
I think she is fabulous, love her work!
Follow us and wfb.
Thanks so much! And thanks for coming out last night :). We'd love to see you in SF!
Understand. It's bad. I blieve respectful discussion/debate is how we solve probs & move forward. Respectful part gets forgotten.
you guys are all being too kind today. I'm going to have to buy lunch.
what r you doin up so late boy
Imagine how many HRs Griffey Jr. would've hit if he used steroids as much as A-Rod did...can steroids cure pulled hamstrings?
WHERE RU ? xoxox :)
Radio and the cherp of birds shall put me to sleep to nite
#slantyeyes not mean at all
stop being so perfect all the time, holy bejesus..
We are open today from Noon to 10pm!
whoa thats still far though! :( I thought you meant you were moving to like tennessee!
I wish I could put a price on your cleverness
Yes! Did you decide on a place? I'm pretty open. (Booked a room in Andover).
can you send me your design work samples to I'll furinsh u with details upon receiving that.
on Kobe it is
I will watch How I Met Your Mother. All Night. And Alone. I just wish I had a boyfriend to cuddle with.
RT : oh man what am I going to do about this indie-classical shit. If another person says it I am gonna wet myself.
yeah Denver's defense (20th overall) must've been awesome--not TT--look at all those offense pix. Oh wait!
The Sixers are still playing?
Sucks to suck
First job interview on Wednesday!
Thanks! We'll take it :)
i Love the Tatz U Do...iHope You Can Tatt Me Soon
Divorce. RT Gross. I just shazamed a song by Train.
The most absurd thing is this: In Homer Lea you have a ready-made anti-hero, the stuff Hollywood dreams of. The story awaits a script...
aw :( your breath wont smell Minty anymore but whatever *hands ya chocolate*
I've read it 17 times now lol now I have a paper on the feminine mistique
out of convenience i also hit the metry pho scene: pho orchid, pho nola, pho bang, frosty's. Lot of new uptown places too
It excludes for-profit corporations from the rights given to natural persons. If unions are for profit corporations, it applies.
north having a holy ghost good time!!! 2011 women's conference.
I actually started with my personal friends&destiny appeared as a follower.So I hit follow back & they multiplied from there.
#CottoMad, he don't wanna do a #postfightinterview awwwwwhhhh
sorry to hear that- you need a drink
Don't Be Nasty.
First Brother Apparel event is tonight at 630. Kick off 2011. Bring 15 bucks and get a shirt that helps a child in Kenya.
Happy Birthday to ms. !
On this day, Janet Reno, a Miami native, was the first woman to be sworn into office as the 78th Attorney General.
Only half as self-conscious that I'm seeing a movie by myself as I thought I'd be.
MT Gotta say the attention to creating highly interactive sessions is a model every conf should learn
Thanks...I actually head that way in 2 hours for it, so it'll be a fun filled afternoon! ;-)
I'm outside now
"It seams like fake is the new reaI" I call them Rogan" for Man & Women
love our song!!!
Today at #UNPFII and will present statements about 2014 World Conference on #Indigenous Peoples.
When escalators break and become stairs I become irrational
You're messages are always awesome!
Obviously! RT : We're more interested in the clothes than the awards.
#bored #bored #bored #bored IM BORED! O:
WISH I HAD MY OWN PERSONAL BLUNT ROLLER RIGHT NW
Dreamt a hundred thousand dreams before but I final realize...
Such a true story !!! I miss you
If there's someone you really want to connect with, send their tweets to your phone for a little while, says
i love and miss you to!
Technology is anything that was invented after you were born- Alan Kay
what about him? ;)
hell yeah!! Double double w/ choc shake baby!!
Serious question time. Have any of y'all heard about folks using Monistat cream to grow the hair on their head?
I think I could probably get you there!
YOU WILL BE HERE IN 3 WEEKS.
Mordecais on Main in Springfield KY tonight 939-1230. Come hang out with us-BH
around 8 I think!
YOU A LIE
I appreciate the follow! How long has Lawrence Blake Group been around?
feels not so long ago that we were tweeting with reckless emotion....here's to another season of the same.
Rest In Peace Hannah. I miss you so much. I'm so empty.
Plan aims to actualize full potential of the center, ramping up programming as well as community/university involvement
My little brother is picking his head up at 2months is right or what
It was really fun!
oop! I see you're in TN - and a OH sports fan! I'm doing courses in NC in April too! Take care!
u already no fam im 1 phone call away
no!! thats exactly what you need, two hyper people = ANNOYING
thanks for sharing some of your sunshine!
ESM client Michael Brockers has accepted an invitation to the 2012 NFL Draft in New York! Congratulations Mike!
wish i could fit "Nick the Funky Homosapien" as my name. four letters short =[
Congrats Ryan! You are the winner of a dozen free Auntie Em cupcakes!!
Hope you're not getting sick again. I'll hold you until you fall a sleep if you like.
RT : this weekend! I can't wait to meet the change agents!
sorry for your relative's loss. That's tragic.
dude. Jameson > jack
Didn't make it to my trainer today, had a chiro appointment instead. Bummed though.
All Kentucky fans own peacocks
Can't wait for my next adventure!
I keep meaning to. Maybe this will give me the push I need to finish the column!
Come learn about (center for the book) Sat. Whitney Rm presenting
1962: Last time SD elected a sitting Councilmember to Mayor -- same year George Christopher served as the LAST Republican Mayor of SF.
Def gonna buy chronicle when it comes out on dvd.so live
a question I've asked of workflowy which they've just added with the pro account!
See also: Aoki RT : Ishikawa is truly awful. Just a fastball, right down the middle.
RT : Happy birthday marchyyy. I heart you.
You think you are perfect.? Tell me more on why I should even give a flying fuck.
With an appointment letter in hand, I'm happy to say officially that I'll be returning to #Marist College for a fourth year.
Can you give us specifics? Times, dates, locations, directions? With that information we can investigate. Thank you.
okay. uh get off limit already!!!:(
ur brother is funny! I miss mad TV!
you can get news about the
... no one cares what you think #no title in 40yrs!! its time now!!
It's pretty funny how the first sentence of my paper took about an hour and a half and I wrote the remaining 3 and a half pages in an hour
- welcome to Boston!
They can learn a lot about #music at that age too!
Productive practice tonight...pretty much have a new original, and can you say, "Medley"?
Tomorrow is Day 4 and the last day of from 11-6pm, bring EVERYONE you know and help knock this Flatstock out of the park!!
steak knives
Thanks sounds good!
I blame the Royals. When they were losing, we were winning. Royals 4-0 tonight.
Ilithyia's secret will be exposed, hence the scene where she is a hot mess on the ground!:( Someone will definitely be killed!
At Teambuilding for Supervisors with Looking forward to a great session!
God is a seriously cool dude
I order a pizza and slam that ass!!
You are so dead on with Ellis. His motivations make zero sense. He's annoying and unlikable... everything is wrong with him.
im good... expecting my first child
do you like , too? Jk. The e*trade commercials are cute.
Chocolate covered fruits are very popular already
Great day today! Made muffins and banana bread. Then played at the park.
i know your probably, most likely tired because we ur fans want you to follow us all. please follow me n_n :D
I'm in the H tonight bro RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!
THAT'S COOL!! I'd like to have Rims with this logo!
Let's go Giants!!
haha would be nice huh?
The light up acts are getting kind of old..
I remember those days. Best you can do is be calm & roll with it. Everything will be fine.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs louder.
Nice! Enjoy
such a fan of goode co seafood gumbo - it has its own speed dial button on my phone.
I dunno. I am not neutral at all about pigeons. Rats of the sky.
thanks bro.. Now it's time for you and to take over next year in football
This lady asked my sister if she looked like a princess and she said "you look like Cinderella" then whispers "b4 the bippity boppity boo"
I Hate When I'm In That Cadillac & People Lookin All In My Car & Shit!
Well thanks to Hostel 3.. my vegas birthday plans are now ruined
Well i ahve no car & no where to freaking go..
You will definitely be missed!
Chill mode in this cold world sometimes its survival of the fittest
Sigh. I'm attempting to turn things around, again, and get the same effect by going to the gym.
awesome, thanks for answering. Just wanted to double check ;)
shit is stare at you too if you lookin like that Avi lol
Butt tweeting is my vice.
Many companies do a large % of hiring from online posting.
out of context, that's hilarious enough to draw a fine.
hey guys remember when replied to me? me either
North Park night; veal piccata & calamari fritti at Il Posino; then superb latte at Cafe Calabria then newsstand browsing @ Para's
you need enough hair to cover any tracks or strands from being visible, that's it :)
RT has been working on a special project - we're very excited about this one! Check back next Tuesday for details!
Working my way through the JCC San Francisco records. Always asking, "Is it enough? Is it enough? If so, stop! and move on.
lol and hang it up on the closet door # roadkill
6 days left in denmark. crazy - its close now!
"these hoes call me tunchie baby"
Forist: it's not so much about us, but where we are and our visitors
give me a job
European absinthe? You all hallucinating over there? Haha
Thanks ! Glad they helped.
I swear to god if I see one pic or video on Twitter of fb I'm gonna flip a shit!!!! Come quick were goin to a teen club
Filled with wooden nutmegs?
At Charity Event Still atmosphere feels great got love LA
Live and Let Live an original acrylic was selected by Alexandra Nechita to also be a signed edition. Each benefits
nice picture
I need someone to talk to
yupperz im gonna try to make itban official fan page so he'll follow it then us.. maybe
Man Overboard and MvC3. Talk to me.
#sadatforum Prof. Shibley Telhami moderates conversation on Egypt and Israel w/Zbigniew Brzezinski & Stephen Hadley
Hey guys! Dont forget tonight is the night for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class! be there 8:30!
Just being an observer there was enough for me. Though I did see the cutest larval human going home with mom and dad too.
My bad 7-0. This is third Baseball game selection we had this year, that our team has won by 7 or more runs, and this is just the first week
Obama vs Cain?
wishing your computer the best! how is it feeling today
Austin was giving a concert,he couldn't stop thinking about you. so he took a plane back to you and said "I die without you, come with me"<3
thanks so much! glad you liked it!
Can the Chinese government "pirate" you plans for censorship inside the US or will you sue them as well? #sopa #mpaa<3chinesefirewall
About to order some breakfast....
Grateful for extremely good friends who help me get through rough patches.
Hating my life what's The purpose of my tribulations
"If Cubs had won it all." I kid.
Why thank you for following us and telling your friends! Granny Regina
Woke up this morning... Laid in bed and thought there's a lot of work to do.
hey sorry I didn't follow you sooner I was mowing, running and lifting weights.... and yes all at the same time;) lol
we like to contribute the best we can :-)
Thank you! We still vacation in the Ft Myers area, but I don't miss those FL summers.
Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk... i beat it up. She was Rodney King, I was four cops.
Mt. Vernon today
Good morning all my beautiful people have a wonder blessed day
It would mean THE WORLD if you followed me and !!! :D IT WOULD MEAN ALOT TO US!!! <33
Going crazy right now!!! Super Bowl Champions again baby!!! #4 Giants!
Uh oh. Overheard on 19th Street, 6ish year old crying: "Mommy, I don't want you to cook." Sounds like someone needs cooking lessons.
How to Make Money with Google AdSense
Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
To all the Moms out there - Happy Mother's Day! Thank you for all you do!
that guy is an idiot! Who asks to be unfollowed?! Lol
spinnin' 2night @ Nectar along with the wild one Eric drizzle. The beats & drinks will be flowin'. Stop by the booth for free grumpy looks!
pretty much lol
Hahaha... ^^. So is tht a no ¿?RT : u not playin! Weed head
June Bug gave the bird back to me today. #aw <U+E412>
DRose's first points of the game, made with 3 red shirts on him. That's just how we do.
Miss you man!
Mhmm :) im the last person to write and yeah I thought angle would pick Forrest but I don't mind :)
I tweet, therefor I am.
Cause she only know the songs from Take Care.
It's the story of a homunculus who gains free will. What about you?
MUCH LOVE TO ALL OCCUPIERS! Stay peaceful. The world is ready and watching!
Class is in session...sharing great strategies & #ArtistaTips with my group!
Watching "Sneakers" with Mac...love me some Robert Redford! =)
Creed walks into a bar...there's no punchline because ruining music isn't funny. BURN!!
Babe Ruth's favorite radio show was "The Lone Ranger".
Getting ready to go the Washington Freedom and DC United Double Header. I hope the thunderstorms miss the stadium.
Bitchiness can be cured with a whole pizza and 1/4 of a chocolate cream pie... or slightly smothered as it were.
Thanks for sharing my posts and spreading the word about the Buddy Bike!
#genomesolver laurel anderson from ohio wesleyan at curenet meeting discussing EREN: ecological research as education network
DON'T DISQUALIFY ME BECAUSE I'M TRYING TO MAKE ME HAPPY AND GET MY LIFE TOGETHER I WAS THERE FOR YOU NOW I NEED THE SAME
I got a bowling ball in my stomach. I got a desert in my mouth. Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now.
I'll see what I can do, lol
Today's tip: One way to monitor fitness progress is through regular body measurements. This will help track your progress (gain or lose).
J.S. Edwards is open 11 am to 4 pm on Sundays. Free gift wrap
walking out of a physics exam and into the rain... major depression
Good morning Tweeters! Any good traning this morning? #traning #running #biking #marathon It's another day of speed training for me!
Love thunderstorms <U+2764><U+26A1><U+2614>
Why can't I sleep D: Goodnight World <3
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.
I had no drop of makeup on my face today
Spring sprung
I dunno call me or something negro u need the help hahaha improvise
Thank you Miss Natasha () for logging in as me today on Facebook to post all the great shows coming up! #Can'tDeal
my team is out so don't really care who wins.. lol. What's about you??
you look so gorgeous on :D <3
Its friday, and i dont have shit to do!
The big game tonight. Whose ready?
Lmfao I hate it I had a hard time going back to sleep xD
Gosh, I love
I think it looks lovely. You'd probably be able to pull off just about any colour or hairstyle. It's the boobs...ha ha!
Cross selling once a firm does a good job is one of most effective ways to develop more business for your firm says GC panel at
it worked! :)
Going to give myself a mani, no color since it's all packed already :(
Yep. And the big team is station to station three run homer built!
another player looking to play maybe for ky
But while you wait you should rock out to #fastlife () #hunterhayes () & #YouGotMe ()!
Transformers 3D was awesome.Director Michael Bay did an outstanding job.Two thumbs way up!Mr.Bay more than meets the eye.
Looking for the path to growth and success
Well Done!
hopefully i feel better along the night
So Green Day is making a trilogy of albums. They better make me want to rip my heart out and barf this time. It's been too long.
BTS is lookin good!!! Should be done with it tnight!
Whenever I'm stressed or angry, I clean.
The editing is getting better on #thePitch but lose the dramatic sound design. This ain't a ghost hunting show
no go next weekend. what about tuesday night after memorial weekend ? i think jades off
say what?
coming in with his remix of "Judas"
Damn Vanderbilt actually won at something
May 31 is our next #HappyHour! We'll be at , so if you're one of those planner types, it's time to mark it on your calendar!
omg i swea andriod is like EXTRA slow..!!
The only thing I don't like about Vegas is the #UNLV fans. Boo Rebels!
post a video of you doing the dougie
“: Eddie Izzard will be performing at at the Coronet Sun 12th, Mon 13th & Tues 14th" Come back to
In a word? Lack of humanity in the Avengers. No "normal" people to contrast/view gods/superheroes through.
chillin' out max and relaxing all cool...
My catalytic converter was stolen for 3rd time in 9 months in Van Nuys. Would be happy to volunteer truck as a decoy.
"And for any day that stings, two better days it brings...Nothing is as bad as it seems..."
Watched 's biography. He has the passion and focus of a thousand men.
I thought the point was to win. Find an opponent weakness & exploit them. Dumb playing and/or coaching.
gorgeous night in Omaha. Perfect football weather.
im talking about justin not you dumby
The only reason I watch Disney Channel are for the movies I used to watch as a kid.
rad! cant wait!!!
thanks man! Say hi next time, I'm RJ
oh man, removed? ha! oh well. It was for sxsw, so it doesn't matter now. Thanks for the offer to help!
Sent in pics & measurements for Cass to fit model for two popular brands- made the first cut- next step are in office measurements- fun :)
Don't forget! RT any of our tweets today and be entered in a drawing for a $25 gift certificate! Happy Friday!
I stalk your tweets :D and I'm not sorry because your boyfriend has learnt me that ;) hihihi<U+2665>
and what'd you think? :)
RT : amazing work Maria Madera my business cards are outta sight!!! - Thanks Maria is AMAZING!!
Dtf or what? ??
what's up sexy man of love let's get naked tonight and have a dance party with just u and me I want tell anyone
Always welcome!
Has your plate ever seemed so full that you feel paralyzed?
Freedom's just another word for... everything to gain, people. Gave notice at Microsoft today. New things on the horizon.
Game 2: Clippers/Spurs.....WHO U GOT?
She is a copy machine!
Many idiots believe playing defense is vital to mounting a 25 point comeback. The lakers know better...
how about ubiquitous
how much u charge for nipples and industrial?
#thisweekend its Landons BDAY...we bout to be so gone!!!
your welcome (:
How much is a pack of skittles these days?
Zimmerman gets bond and GPS monitoring
hey i have been following you for a long time and i am the hugest fan. it would mean the world if you followed me back, no lie.
I'm sorry; just now read this. Couldn't see the screen on my iPad at the spa, where I've been all day not working.
Go follow Cheye on twitter
It's almost time for April in the D!!!!!!!! Woo! Next week opening day is already here, can you believe it!?!?!?
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your friend is making jokes about you and your boyfriend and the teacher walks by an covers her ears. XD
Flying a confederate flag does not signify that you like country music....I'm pretty sure it means you support slavery.
basic parallax. dude, did you sleep through my class or something? #ux trend [ new signup uses similar method]
1st person to catch thief stealing our sign on video & file police report gets $100 -Just send us copy of video & report!
#nsn3d is going to be fantastic the theater was packed so i couldnt go but im going whenever i can
Play trivia , TONIGHT, for a chance to win a pair of tickets to The knowledge fest starts at 6p.
Want #FREE prizes from and ? Text FREE to 35350 now for chance to win! Be sure to hit up Mo's tomorrow for St. Paddy's
Good morning, #Seattle! We're one day closer to bringing u the #bestdeals that are #local ! Don't be scared, #pricemobster WILL protect you.
Verdasco survives Rochus scare Fernando Verdasco battled back from one set down against Olivier Rochus to reach the second round of the M
“: They said I deserve the best. But if the best isn't you. I don't want it.” <U+2764>
You can't share your dreams with everybody, cause when you do some people will try to steal them them.
#hhlib in poll of attendees, over past 6 months 2/3 have had a patron/user ask about ebooks because they've just acquired an ereader device
im that nigga, ya fuckn right.
The Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation: strict state laws on data security...
Man what happened to my real niggas
Giants, Cain agree to 5-year extension
At Wet'n'Wild! So many sexy people here today(; Someone should come with me?!
TEAM (9866-Kick) signed up for: Summer Vancouver Co-Ed Kickball at Luke Jensen Park (Turf) Sundays.
When they kick out your front door How you gonna come? With your hands on your head Or on the trigger of your gun
A Day in the Country music festival has been roping in fans for 27 years
I ain't afraid to eat fried chicken and dirty dance to Merle
Thanks Angie...hope all is well with you and Brad.
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito...
I feel like Wellington should do their own version of Nitro Circus.
Selena,btw congratz and iv heard about u and justin bieber, i VERY happy for u guys I love u both and u guys r perfect <3
Mr.D's new years resolution is to make sure we have 100% customer satisfaction on every job we do. www.mrdspainting.com "we love to paint"
Houston traffic is epic...so much that the one night I was cussing when I met Dave and for beers
Thanks for the follow!! =)
Congrats on the epic finish too bad the feed died so we couldn't see it!
DMC from Run DMC will be on around 1:15 make sure you are listening!!
send us ur music, photos and bio so we can feature you on , we def support Indie artists.
Happy Brithday Ace! You're such an inpiration to me man. Thanks for all you've done & are going to do.
On the horizon at Nameless Sound.... Konk Pack, John Butcher & Joe McPhee, Kobuku Senju, and The Thing... all in the coming months!
BULLSHIT! You will get your Censure soon enough, But you said & meant CENSOR.
Please suggest a movie for me, so that I can find out if you have terrible taste.
Thank you!! xx RT Love your blog. Charming title.
me n janishas convo her: Stfu Ese! me:what's Ese?? her: A person. which u are arent yeww??me: i though i was Pako her: what?!
lol thats my best friend that i know ...Haha love ya!
At the Texas Regional Conference.
Ice Loves Coco is so cute, I hope that'll be me and my black husband one day
geek meets dream girl on a train and spends 105 film minutes upgrading hygiene, fashion sense, and charm for love.
@ the consignment sale at the fair grounds. It's multitude of craziness!
She has the possibility to live her life over again It takes a lot of strength to do this but more than anything strength is the motive...
Dave & Busters
hahaha truth comes out when u drunk too!! I guess the truth does hurt ;))
My son's day care naptime music is a Muzak version of Pearl Jam's Evenflow. ????
Thank you for the
Quick! Anyone w/ an UES #wine store suggestion in the 80s or 90s?
uh oh. drink lots of water, crazy!
Kenny,I'm tired of seeing pitchers bunt with men on base,their grown a$$ men.Do you see the DH added to the NL in the future.
We've just hit 1,000 Facebook friends! Thank you everyone!!
ok so I meant followed in last Tweet... 4give Blackbery thumb texting
This is pretty Damn fun!
In my gym class I would rather run all by myself! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
That's cuz everyone loves the SF GIANTS ! ! ! :-) Smart people are Giants fans! <3
have a fantastic birthday!
Alt. Country Pop Songwriters needed for TV Project. email: (Serious Inquiries Only, Please!)
3 FROM THE RIGHT WING, FIRST BAKSET OF THE GAME BY KANNON!!!! FREE BASKETBALL FROM KATY!!!
Go to God with humility, then acknowledge the mis-steps you are making. Ask for greater discernment to understand bigger picture.
#walkingdead season finale time! Shits about to get real
Quitting time! Kelly opens @ 5 w/ MKE's Best Happy Hour: 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm! Perfect way to relax and get ready 4 the ENABLERS....
Seriously feel like I'm in a dream right now.. this can't be real life
welcome :) black and gold forever!
Do you ever get feeling that life is just one big rhetorical question?
Watching Kevin Hart "Say with ya chest little nigga!"
My answer to all questions from the press: No biggie.
Ready to be in virginia
Said I wasn't going to watch, but woke up early. Glad I did. Kate's dress is stunning (...& so's her brother James)!
To merge with our Divinity we must get into the flow of Spirit. Today, commit to do only good feeling projects and activities.
that was probably the best tweet ever to exist.
So and r we hanging tonight?
It getting coldder
Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued!
Well done man, looks great!
I heard your cover, you're awesome Kayla. Never give up.
Happy Weekend! Have fun and be safe at Thunder if you're going tomorrow!
Got a few new followers today, go to my favorites to look at pictures and things, and see my youtube video. search "skylarSKC"
Thanks for the #ff!
Men are born to succeed, not fail. Henry David Thoreau
C'est la vie: Such is life!
lady your awsome, keep up the good work girl, hopefully we'll see you soon, we're paving our road now
Great pass to Asik
u make me feel like tgif ;) ... see u soon xo!!
Thank You God for blessing us with another day! Appreciate each moment because no day is promised to us!!!
RT thanks for the follow!
um. yea i just did
they are just Jealous of your success Kori. Pay no attention to them your doing fine ;)
they sell thinners or something. At least I've heard
PSU Women's basketball faces the Montana Grizzlies at Stott Center tomorrow at 7pm. All seats $5, free for students.
3 #startup stages: a) functional product, b) clients, c) revenue before going #VC from (#bootstrap folks)
Tomorrow at this time, I will be flying to Philadelphia to see my beloved !!
Slept from 5 pm to 5 am
Keep a notebook. Didn't figure that out until my 2nd year on Amazing Audios.
do you think Matt Barkley should've been in NY for the heisman? Also awesome job in sports final. Dvr 4 sure.
it was way worse than it sounds.
Bachmann will drop out tomorrow... watch
are still in it
wtf south park?
T-Mobile offering free phones/tables on Saturday Feb. 11th? Boss, wifey and I are eligible to upgrade.
Ah, lady, when I gave my heart to thee, It passed into thy lifelong regency.
can u come for dindin and funfun on Sunday?
Turtlenecks or Twinkies? #iphone or #droid? Seems there is a personality debate among users.
RT MASH #QUOTE: Klinger: "I will remember all the good times, I will. I think there were three."
Most of them are baseball and SNL related videos
stop posting my mobile-based status update *location* by default and *publicly* by default... this is a huge security risk!
Bye! Good lunch! ;)
Have had about enough of the claim that the sole reason one built a large house or bought expensive goods was to show wealth.
cuz ulike her music or to boo her off the stage
An angry, ungrateful wook on his way down from a drug-fueled tour and back to unemployment.
Happy Birthday I am with you and will be in the next election! Cheers!
Hmm im full as hell RT: Tired as hell.
Our office smells delish! Perfume testing/marketing as we speak! What's your fav scent?
And the best game you can name is a good old hockey game
Signing yearbooks wasn't as sad as i thought it would be
I have a plan! Going to look for fabric this weekend. :)
got a fair amount of work done tonight, so I can actually go to bed at a reasonable bed time!
Listening to zac brown band and just getting REALLY excited for summer! 2 more weeks! (:
When I get old, I never want to be on a Waller, oxygen machine, etc. take care of yourself while output can. Eat right
Only 2 more months to the start of the new nba season!!! LA Lakers vs LA Clippers @ 10:30 PM EST
Sure, but this whole discussion is about the Federal govt being functional or not. R's often want it to be not.
School is tomorrow i cant sleep...imma be late maybe....dont wanna go to school ugh ah
Yeah, one witty tweet a day is about all I can muster
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart.
For us it's too late
You cant be that girl on television ladies, try being yourself, any guy who disses your natural form is an asshole who dont deserve you
U know who RT : who “: oomf had me lmao at u,”
#AGirlDeserves to marry Harry
Thank you for the write-up. We appreciate it.
dude i know like my lil sis hits me right ? so i hit her back and then i get yelled at and im like wtf she hit me 1st
my .02c WRA esp. important to small biz not in mdsn or mke who don't have access to resources like we have in bigger markets.
Dont you love finding good local bands? Go check out Oh, Akira!
Major blackout in the neighborhood.
If NO is a complete sentence, so is YES. Choose your WORD wisely.
Holy awesome! The show last night was so fun! Thanks to all who came out for support! We love you
My baby gonna take me to ocean city Maryland
RT : Looks like the hashtag for Frankfurt Book Fair is #fbf11. Good for those of us not able to attend in person.
Midtermtest :| proud me guys
in that case want to skype with me
hey Austin!! How was your day today? Please RT or reply :)
any tips learning the power snatch variations. Im horrible at the crow, struggle w/ getting my arms ext at the top
Google your mate’s interests to find some great gift ideas.
can't wait to get back to Georgia in the fall. Never miss a chance to stop there.
I don't get guys these days -.-
please follow me!:)
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lb. Sirloin Patty, Bologna Bacon, American Cheese, Dijon, Mayo, Lettuce and Tomato on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side!
I love <3
It's amazing listening to play 'Mitt' on tonight's #CPTA webinar! #priceless He was on message though...
I #write because I must, not because someone else allows me.
who u think won?
the journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step=Lao Tzu
RT " #Packers Pro Bowl safety nick Collins has a doctor appointment late next week to have his neck reexamined" good luck to
Get ya life Deshaun .. Goodbye !
So #seattle donors, how many #GiveBIG requests have hit your inbox? Stay tuned for the top five reasons we should make your list...really.
yep! I was only 19 when I started in
#RavensNation, follow the newest Baltimore Raven !
Charles & Baltimore 10-2 today.... Let's eat #lobster Mac
Well you know we do need the money AND I'm not sleeping with any of the strikers! Maybe ill get off of work early!
Your constant complaining and self-loathing pisses me off. Just shut the fuck up.
if he beats them with it them just gotta give him credit.
Hey there lady!
So, primer is all finished... Now to start painting this beast! Too bad I have to wait til tomorrow to make sure it's all dry :/
So many hot messes out tonight...
- brunch Sunday maybe meat & potatoes?
sorry missed your call yesterday - must have come thru when on plane - ping me week of April 9 (I am about to go on vacation).
Lets Go HOGS Beat Auburn!! And go Hard 4 CHRIST
RT : Pls retweet: Need participant w/health care + policy background to test gov site on 11/4. Email
I accidentally left my Greek yogurt at home today, have been starving all morning.
yes we are starting at 11 please tell your friends.
Feelings very hurt. A website I worked my ass off for free was taken down.
Saturday evening #supermoon stalking photo shoot meetup?
Today - Try our #Crazy grilled cheese sandwich with spicy pepperoni, pickled onions and brown mustard, served with side choice for $6.50!
My mind wonders because Casioa have.too think do every ones Casio Nate swagger
I wonder when #UrbanMeyer beats Florida, if he'll be disliked just as the Head Ball Coach is now around the Ville for "betraying Florida"
Help me get to 500 followers!!
Good night people i'm gonna play Xbox and wont get back to twitter so good night when ever you sleep!! =)).
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
That I'm not sure of. But if that's the case, those would be the seats to go for.
Mission Possible! Ryan Braun wins steroids appeal!?
Ours take them, too, but earlier than the rest of the students.
Powers of persuasion for a pig & party on the patio...I am in!
Hey All! Karaoke starts 2nite at 9pm with Aury Moore hosting! come out and sing for her!
Oh, I remember how to drive in the snow. I just chose not to use those skills.
Back home in Texas again.. Excited to see my friends & family <3 .. All smiles
Summer has arrived in #Germany! 27°C in #Berlin and 29°C in
Rally! Rally! Rally! RALLY TO SAVE KTRU! Right now at RICE UNIVERSITY, in the quad at Willy's statue.
Don't know. I just recognized the scenes and jumped up and down in my seat so I didn't pay attention, haha.
not a good day today:(
That's the truth and that is so sad!!!
from , "Every story is interesting, and we all have one."
Just saw a guy with an "Irish" hoodie on.. All I could think of was Niall Horan. <3333
OH NO !!! This man sound like cleaveland brown lol
I remember when I saw you on ANTM. I rooted for you to win. I knew you would. You're amazing. Don't change
well that's #always a plus!
Big props to , , , and for their awesome input to on social media today.
Haha I'll keep that in mind
when it opened for android users- monday, to be exact.
Thanks to all that made this weekend such a GREAT success. NEW FORMAT this week starting on Tuesday & then on Thursday nite
It looks like we are going back to in two weeks for a quick weekend trip! Woohoo! Now...where to stay?
Cant wait to see my updated headshots!!!
if they are it dont matter we still gonna blow them out ! and ight bro for sure!
I need hockey season to start like NOW!
Wats up I need more followers
Tryna unblock you, can't find yaa!
watch the olympics RT : A6: Lighting other peoples hearts on fire makes you memorable; they never forget it.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 71F FAIR
Thank you Jenny!
Little do you know, we're already one disturbing step ahead of you.
If your favourite film is the vow, or any mainstream romance/comedy type thing.. You need to watch some older better or more vintage films
He wasn't hired for his "handling of alt-reality dystopia on 'Kings.' Please. No interesting director would take leftovers on this schedule.
Openly gay guys are great, but gay guys who hate on women bc they want to be women are ridiculous...lol
Stop twatching me
I really hate that game
Will Be At SK Studios TONIGHT...!!! With and The AvenueTunes Familia
lol just sayin, same for you fair to say?
haha. i immediately thought of you when i read that article.
and thanks for the follow!
thanks! , are you going to be in Cannes this year? I'm headed there May 15-22.
RT : Just saw the track in Edmonton, it looks great long straights with places to pass it will be great race. Can't wait ...
Well, now I'm a big weepy mess. Thanks for sharing.
We will miss you to Bri Ri!
You're welcome.
I've got a tight grip on reality, but I can't let go of what's in front of me here <U+2764>
Store: You Break it, You Buy it!!! You; HELLO??? Why would I buy something that's Broken???
I went to some of the auditions a few months back. It was a lot of fun. You were front row!? That's amazing.
been dropping beats like ... Well ... I've been dropping beats.. Shut up... Damn
Women Lie,Men Lie!
“Introverts aren’t necessarily shy. Shyness is fear of social disapproval, inherently painful; introversion is not”~
If I had a nickel for every time my boss called me Chinaface I'd be about 45 cents richer, which means 36 more times & I can buy a Metrocard
Shouldn't be awake this early.......
Miss my her :(
Good Job Lady Cadets!!
I can see that, thanks for reading!
Wanna learn more about our org? Stop by our info table tomorrow during lunch from 11-1!
Slow-motion makes everything look important.
why do I even come home from school on the weekends???
Good Morning & Happy Friday, Can you PLEASE check your email, Voicemail , Mailbox PLEASE Thanks
First up: Sarah Anne Carter (Harvard) on Sheldon Barnes & document study as means of historical learning via personal experience
I just added Like buttons for her on each one. Go Like away :)
I just wanted say thanks for years of laughs on the Don & Mike show, glad you are enjoying "retirement"
i just love that picture of my eye that i tweeted two days ago, lol, wondering if it would be wierd if i made it my avi.
Sri Lanka hotel guest arrested for having ...beetles? - USA TODAY
RT : Ah, Portland. Where the air is clean, the tap water is delicious, and the trees are actually alive. I missed you.
WELL don't you sound smart! We are turning AZ Blue this year see what you can do about that!
Fantasy Writers Workshop with Michael Beard! What makes a good Fantasy plot? What did the great & famous in genre say about it? Sun 2-4
<U+266A>If You Ever Forget How Much You Really Mean To Me Every Day I Will Remind You<U+266A>
Pedroia & Cody Ross = hair club for men :>) or.. I'm told manly men go bald early
Working on some new concepts, wait until they drop. Lethal
like if I just said I saw a 6 legged cat! That would be interesting. If I said beautiful day I'm so happy... not so much
what about your boy Sanjay?
Home-based business owners need not worry, you don't have to show your mailing address with Google Places.
The neighborhood dog that's usually heard panicking and freaking out late at night is now in #LegendaryMode for #4thOfJuly. Poor guy. :(
Just downloaded the new comedy special. Goodbye next hour.
Taking pictures and sharing stories on my blog!
#Dodgers hung tough in this game and come up with the win over the #Padres for a 3rd consecutive win. Final score 6-5 through 11 innings.
country and blues at the moment!
10 more to 300, that's pretty rad. Thank you guys.
TONIGHT! We've got a great #FREE show with !! Doors at 7pm. Support #livemusic in #Cville!
I'm jealous of all the girls follows..
All you Autism parents - YOUR KIDS R NEXT, if an adult with Autism self-advocate gets threatened by officials for self-advocating abt Autism
Confidence and happiness go hand in hand.
what's good, sir?!
That's probably true!! B & I are #ATT RT : Perhaps it's a carrier thing? I have
Ha, good advice ;) I have some local contacts in various local religious communities, I'll probably just end up asking them
you are a thug!
@ AAlcondez ... Hello Edel... You are Welcome, My Pleasure... Greetings from California, USA
Tiger's game with Liz & her team after school tmrw :)
I can love you more than this...
Is he injured yet? RT : Louis Saha on Newsnight
That moment when you want to come back to buffalo! I haven't seen them since the rise and fall of my pants tour
Yo Bo, got any veggie dogs today?
so fucking annoyed. was supposed to be flying to albuqeruque today.
its going good man thanks. Yeah things are rolling so we will see how it goes you know?
Thanks for your support!! RT Support : a museum that tells the story of all the different nationalities in America
I keep my friends as misers do treasure,cause,of all things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.- Pietro Aretino
lol that's DC I live in Washington state :p
Thank you for sending me 2 dresses overnight to save the day! Justine was great.
Shit, I had so much to do this week too....
Relationships that lead to marriage > I want that
Mike Brown should pull the swerve and draw up a play for Eyenga and the win lol!!
Incorrect assertion here. BOT and boosters will make the decision.
4.15 for gas.. That's a joke
How Havlat and have Sharks removed the rubber on the top of the bench wall yet?
This headache though<<<<
my dog angie has ptsd, but love and security are getting her thru it
Heavy set lady singing along - hard - to "I wanna fuc you"
Replaced a failing mechanical HDD I'd been using for external backup. My last PATA drive in the house. Feel like I should frame it.
no darn battery
Attendance varies depending on the topic/speaker, ranging from 50 to 150 people.
Made beeline to the airport coney island immediately upon landing in DTW.
U will get much better results if u pretend the B in B-Roll stands for Beauty not Bullsh**t. Or call it something else i.e Abstract Poetry
Let's get this party started!
In A/C class. More interesting then you would think.
lol good! haha it probably is !
AH! I miss you Canada! Come see me soon!
Such a good day. Gonna go ride that train ;) woohoo!!
So staying up for that NJ/FLA is kinda kicking my butt right now.
and are trending right now <U+2665>
Thank you, Ann. I accept via internet. RT : i'd like to give you a hug.
Also, legitimately surprised at the minimal amount of trolling I've seem today with #UWRightNow. Badgers keeping it classy/constructive.
Keeping my fingers crossed!
Almost finished
Did it flood in? U still at Brittmoore RT : Who is all going to the Houston Dynamo Opener tonight?!
lmao see I fuxx with you cuz your on your A game when it comes too this music stuff!!
so what happen to the #KONY thing where everyone goes outside and trashes the city with kony signs??
Kids 12 and younger are free at #Stutz open house Sat 2-7 PM. Herron doing art activities on 3rd floor.
lucky you!! Have fun TTYS -JP
5 Dollar Tans today :)! Who is ready to get bronze?
Anticipating being trapped in the house w\ the kids during #Irene ? Sieze the teachable moment. Think weather vocab, board games & conv
it would aso be pretty amazing if followed me, but what if Justin had extra tickets and just handed them out?
Coke, can you please get with Diet Coke and make a baby? I am pretty sure 50% Coke and 50% Diet Coke is the answer to all my problems
Congratulations and for the win last night. It was a beautiful race.
To the east, the shadows of clouds lay draped over the foothills. And there, beside Dion's Pizza, three men removed their pants at gunpoint.
Planning a Wine Tasting Tour along the Monticello Wine Trail …
example of a wrong moment for my ass to jiggle is in front of old perverted guys. I just feel so uncomfortable. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hi there miss. You should come to my show on Wednesday. (:
There is a guy with a bad hairpiece and back brace limping around the plaza by my office with a #scottycameron putter as a cane
yeah Walrus guy's the best in the biz.
kinda hungry where my food ? Hahaha(:
Welcome aboard to the fantastic group of singers who joined us via spring auditions! There's a wonderful season ahead ...
Not safe on the sidewalks or the roads apparently.
Argh!! Tasty and Sons has a wait time of 1hr 15mins to 1.5hrs!! Dammit!! So hungry and I really want a chocolate potato doughnut!
why wasn't iinvolved in this tweet?
"Ron Paul" would be great Grandad, but not Pres.Sick of Newt saying Drill Here & Save. Prices will still be high. It's always about the $$.
Q. What's the difference between your wife and your job? A. After five years your job will still suck.
Thanks you too!
school ass
There is nothing more powerful than an idea
i miss my followers.
Other cities impersonation of Memphis is so accurate. The country accents, the pronunciation of words and the mentality.
Re-evaluate your fate
A powerful message from commencement speaker, John E. Barnes Jr., State Rep. for the 12th House District in the Ohio General Assembly.
"I miss going to bed with absolutely nothing on my mind."
Simon & Garfunkel - Homeward Bound
it suits you. glad the trip has been going so well. <3
Hating on football? Your whack.
I'm going to tweet u on beliebintx and here! Just tell meeehh!
I will let you know as it approaches
next week!
D'ya suppose the "Legacy" storyline is a factor? ( forgive the vagueness, I'm speaking in "code". )
Wanna hear a joke?
If the thunder and Indy make it to the finals... I'll do anything to go to a game!
Flipped through the 2012 Buyer's Guide tonight. Lots of Oregon companies, products, places in full effect!
It's snowing Gift Cards. LIKE us here and get your FREE $25 BVEN Gift Card
I finished my taxes this year just in time. As usual anger was involved. The only luck is what I make for myself.
agreed. I don't think that one is quite as common, but maybe I'm just missing the well of treasury.
Don’t hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love...make the best of today!
I'm eating with a knife and fork. The dish ran away with the spoon.
Awesome week ahead lots and lots of work.
*starts fanning you* Bless her Lawd! Thank ya! O Jesus! Lift his name on high!
All I really want is that curry we had at The "racetrack". And some tiger beer. I guess I need to start saving money.
and I would love to have a drink with you to talk food and wine at Premise sometime :)
Did u see Ma Trey AVI?
yeah dude Kenny Horton is a beast
RT I qot no time for frontin .. I know just what im wantinq
oh that's awk
Whooooaaa just turned on #Baylor vs the #Jacks and got blinded!
Stupid school... Im so exhausted by the end of the week.
10 minutes stuck in phone tree that loops to finally trick it into giving me live person. They said "our system is down please call back.
We are flashing the phoenix jones symbol... Where is he?
you are very good trent
I feel like I would like doing parkour if I didn't like maintaining the structural integrity of my body so much.
DM us with your issue and contact info. Thanks!
you sounded so convincing though.:P
RT : The Oregonian Newspaper is very boring bc the editor fails to report all the neg news on Obama, they are losing rea ...
fun day out of the office!
I really don't think I misuse English!
I was singing Strip today and my teacher comes up from behind me and shouts "WHAT!?" I think she heard the whole thing... x3
Great location for sign Now on to my torta!
i keep asking wth am i doing to myself?!? looks like muscle confusion is in full swing. another day in the books.
How is everyone's weekend going?
yah, give it a go, it's not for everyone though...it is a vampire soap opera after all.
Studying medical terminology<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096> bo. But chances are I'll get a 100 on my quiz. Woohoo!!
because you was retarded?
#bookaday THE TROUBLE WITH MAY AMELIA by Jennifer L. Holm
THANK YOU for the FF! Great to connect with you!
Off today - applying for jobs. Need to find something soon!
Are you in training for something?
Leaping forward indeed!
#Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language - Cinematographer #Conrad #Hall (1926 - 2003)
im on twitter and you are not! ;D
Thanks for the goat dinner! What's the name of the restaurant?
#fridayreads Fragile Beasts by Tawni O'dell & listening to The Help by Kathryn Stockett. Love the different narrators-the book comes alive
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
Went past the May Day Occupy protests at Bryant Park. Somebody should teach the protestors to toyi toyi ..and stop meditating.
I LOVED your outfit today! Where is it all from?
A great post submitted by guest author Amit Patel regarding the use of cooking oils and their health benefits.
or D'shKwqzndl!
thanks, Crystal! <3 How are things?
Damn shame to see Shaq doing commercials for Buick. When Kobe retires, I don't think he will be doing adds for Toyota
Brunch is served New afternoon special hot ham sandwich with homemade chips or fried $5.95
It's official. I just wasted an entire day by procrastinating. I'll reprimand myself tomorrow.
Your dad. "We are a week away & already I have my snorkel gear on my body, walking around the house getting used to the fins!"
Dear , please keep the Thursday night primetime lineup forever. Seriously. Forever. XOXO, Nora
Jesus is control of my life, and that makes me feel ALRIGHT!! Hallelujah to The King of Kings and The Lord of Lords, My Saviour, My Love!
Thanks for the support #NewFollowers Have a great week!
I love my moms spaghetti <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm trying to watch the Oscars but all I hear is "bewmeemeebewmeemeebew" constantly in the background.
plus she was a cumdumpster, so always fun in bed lol
Congratulations to Brandon Keener, the winner of the Guitar Giveaway Contest! A very BIG thank you to everyone who participated!
roosevelt field mall <33
well didn't u just make my day cee to da Lee
Today is the start of my new plan at work.
That wasn't so smart of me.
You're welcome. I enjoyed your post. Thanks for posting it.
William Knepper gets life in prison for killing his mother in law Paula Jordan of Troutdale back in June.
fml ugh I really need to cash my checks!
Glad you're excited to see One Night of Queen!
shark week only has me half terrified of open waters this go around...
Please help me. If you follow me I will dm you a plan. This plan would make my bff's dream come true. It's just a little favor.
What happened to City High?!?
No freaking joke, I asked for the class list for nonprof mngmnt and they sent me the list for the dual Masters of Philanthropy
Sappy love movies >
DO YOU LIKE SKITTLES?;) ;)
just because you dye your hair black it doesn't mean you're emo
": The best coaching hire this season was _______________." Frank Martin to South Carolina
There is alot you can say in general about Czech spelling.
here ill change it to a good pic
Sure thing bucko.
you mean immaturity < ?
Francis Ford Coppola. The movies, the wine.
actual fun or sarcastic fun?
lifelong YANKEE fan Chuck. Thanks for the follow!
congrats buddy!
i am trying to loose weight and my dads cooking does not help.......he is an awesome cook.....he made alot of food today
I trust that whom ever is saddled with the burden of making sure im casket fresh will choose a pair that suits my whole lil ya dig.
Awesome! Sounds like a plan. :)
This is not what it is only baby scars.
For dinner/starters: WATERMELON AND GOAT CHEESE SALAD, rum-mint-vanilla vinaigrette, macadamia nuts
Of course they exist, but they're pricey. hahaha
cool, I just learned the part time model song. I'll start on the tape of love song shortly..
#When u go to DC by the they have a #Strip right in front of the Commitee Building. #HOOKER LANE.
Loving the resident DJ in SoHo
Don't complain that only Niall and Liam only care about us now and the others don't. They are all on with family and friends on break. Damn
I'll buy them if I come 2 KY!! J/K
Did you bring your dog to work today? Check out for dog friendly places to grab lunch.
Thanks Jen! I couldn't believe it--my supervisor is a Gamma Beta! I miss you already and I hope you're loving break :)
hey Neil, how was the rest of your trip?
good luck with that!
Texas Rangers Yea Buddy
Q: How can you tell that there's a #vocalist at your front door? A: She forgot the #key and doesn't know when to come in.
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
hahaha, awe ;D
I need to hang out with more often lol
bad fuse. Working on it with sdge.
#Alliance12 #HEUG I've seen a few Tweets asking this, so FYI, the wireless password for the "Alliance" network is "alliance2012"
- I hope it's a 6'5" QB out of Tennessee.
Amazing night, fabulous dinner with my favorite men plus got to see Holly_Shiver? Who do I think I am?!
So you and are on the chocolate bandwagon? Interesting.
LOVE YOU, KAILEY. :)
just sold a dress found 1994 at a Tegernsee Bavaria restaurant's parking lot to a girl in #Friedrichshain YEAH
Thank you for the retweet!!
RT : We may not be able to control everything that happens in this life, but we certainly have control over how we respond to...
bo on you all!
ONE MORE TIME, LETS TRY ONE MORE TIME<3
Too hot to sleep? My rooms the same temperature as Antarctica.
Yay! I feel special :)
Great show tonight at Narroway! Always so wound up afterward ~ need 2 settle down and get 2 bed cause it's back 4 another show in the a.m.
God definately has his hands over me & my family, I almost got in an accident today the guy would of hit my side too
oh stop. You like it!
Suddenly I'm not half the woman I used to be at Whole Foods
Damn! Hell yeah!
Anybody need savin?
You bounced without saying bye to me?!? I'm heartbroken
Fort Lauderdale #AirShow this weekend. Planes are zipping overhead as they practice.
"You get what you put in, and people get what they deserve"
LoveVoodoo Fest is over... Counting down for Goddess Week in March!!!
hey boy let me tlk to u haha
nm just listening to depressing music for no reason wbu?
How does that lemon ( #LFC) taste now John Does it taste bitter yet ?
RT : I leaped. Sprained my ankle. Doc says I need 48 months to heal.
your biggest "trophy" kill hunting?
omg that means when I see you and we go to the movies or something I can have wifi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
everything of course
Did you figure out how to turn the cheddar bay knowledge into actual cash??
whats up though world
I still don't have it. maybe b/c I haven't had a new sale since it was rolled out?
#GamerPickupLines do you play world of Warcraft because you made me say wow
I just updated my gear! I think I will be able tweet better!!! Aside from nausea, it's a good Monday!
Mother Jones is great. And I've been very well! Hope you've been, too.
Ready for the #CCAM12. Exciting year for Cbus. Much to celebrate & lots more to do.
buzzed and dancing around the house, lol
:D RT : Chatting with friends about our study abroad experiences. So funny.
For #DLDay, we're releasing some early findings from Speak Up 2011. Look for the first full report in April!
Can I get a mention or DM..
Just saw the space shuttle pass by the Hudson River. Had a perfect view of it!
Now that's excited! How has it been so far?
Hey-yo! You should go into comedy RT : Flo long.....
RT : You might have to help someone who is having a hard time coping with it all. Be encouraged and assist where you can.
How to make spaghetti code worse? Add lots of meatball singletons
"This feed is staffed by humans." That is nice to know!
I thought I was the only one who didn't want some man thrusting his pelvis in my face
Is there an article for this Urban Meyer talk?
Very cool story on former Madison Memorial/Marquette star Wesley Matthews coming up on Monday. Will post the video link tomorrow
Thanks for stopping in again today you guys! Happy #LeapDay!
Amazing show tonight!!!
Followed. Follow bck?
Holy monsoon in NYC!
"Well done is better than well said." ~Benjamin Franklin
I heart my co workers
Happy Earth Day! We've tweeted some great links on recycling coffee grounds and reusing old coffee mugs. ReduceReuseRecycle!
2 drink or not 2 drink? Thinking about having some Owen Roe Sinister Hand.
says "there too many fat asses out there"
In the studio with and Ultimate swag.
Adele has one of the best voices i've ever heard. I hope she wins a VMA!
Definitely same to you!
who me.? Yeah I know :)
Just expedited an end user's case based on her giving me chocolate. Does that make me a bad person?
I like the Undertones, but the Lizzy has 10 more great albums than the Undertones.
Me and fourty back to work but we still smell like a vacation Http://saintclairclothing.com
Underway... Still scoreless...
how the heck do you cancel an account?! unless you can't on the app...
I remember you! How have you been?
"Seeding and schedule for the event will be posted October 17th." Is this still the plan at some point today?
C Bolton: Another police car vandalized at 14th & Franklin,sprayed w/ some kind of accelerant
Spring doesn't end till June 22
Thrifting with my brother
#WhatDoYouWantMos I want to win season 7 of ABDC. Love y'all and wish u the best! Good luck! =]
Sitting on a #hammock in the backyard and putting a press kit together. Working can be fun
Obviously Not lol
I FUCKING HATE LOVE BUGS!
yea but my name means merry christmas in french =P
April is Mathematics Awareness Month! The theme for 2012 is "Mathematics, Statistics, and the Data Deluge"
Hell yea RT Twa was pro =')
do I even have to tell you how ridiculous I think this woman is? She's off my radar
Going on day 10 of a 15 hr workday. Taking the weekend off to finish painting the bathroom and work over at the new rental property.
The Motto <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Spiritual practices (sadhana) are not the ultimate in gaining spiritual liberation. They are the means and not the ends in themselves.
lol I do not go to the mall almost every daay pssh pfft~
Just figured out that very large percentages of Pell recipients in my study have measurable depression-- eg upwards of 30+ % at many schools
going to bed night <3
Now if I can just get to the middle and the end!
Like .. what possessed them to make it sound like "that" ? Smh
Watched the 1991 NBA dunk contest on NBA TV last night. Good memories. Dee Brown wins with the no look dunk.
Oh yea, at the West Seattle Farmers Market Today!
: ": San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music #WeInDatThang"
Nice! But I would take that thing down w/a pint of syrup!
Should probably start looking for a summer job...
A"minor" thing a bump in the road. Denver is good as done!
WWF is working now! =]
What's the consensus? Perfect or horrible? ;)
Why I'll never have my own agency. {RT legality issues scare the shit out of me. I'm terrified to start a business
lol shut up and I did
:) RT : Listening to the Still Strong EP. Missing all of the IA62 ad BTF hang outs an tours. Love you guys!
There's this Mitch Hedberg joke about red bananas... turns out, you get them at the Kroger on Moreland Avenue.
WITHEY REST IN PEACE! We will love you FOREVER
Bucky, Rune, Pedro, Steven... not in that order.
Reupping on my biz cards today
its so beautiful outside so i think i'll tan.
Love MORE. Judge LESS.
Football is so great that even watching dudes walk around in shorts is compelling. That is a noble achievement.
power outage on Georgia st 92013. Whole block I think.
Want to hear some awesome original music call RIGHT NOW 222-BUZZ
coming up ;)
i luv u!
Prosecco lovers, we just released a special DOCG rated gem for only $23!! This will tease & entice your senses in ways you never imagined!
#Blues music blasting and #Pirates hitting. Exciting times!
let's hope the bucks don't ask freeway mike to stop being freeway
i can #SaveYouHalf, dont need another food coma
I'm signing up for FBX Visitor Industry Walk which benefits local non-profits such as the Fairbanks Community Museum.
I sure did pick up some white socks but I doubt they gonna fit u. Lol. U can use them as a beanie though
you think that's mean?! welcome to the real world. cry me a damn river.
The video shoot was a success! Thank you to everyone that came out!
Passed 4 accidents this morning. Pay attention people. Good morning.
Uninstalling Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007....taking over an hour....Why??
This boy is a mesd
Add 7. Matt Vensel is from PA and a Biased Steeler Fan.
Watch me go over my tweet limit again xD
how ppl gonna say im always on twitter .. B!tch how wud u know that if ur not on! hm? yea OK.
i bet Angel is running up to Austins dad in heaven. and are both looking down on how far he is going<3
Everclear's new single is so good it that anyone familiar with the last record will be able to forgive them & return to being fanatics
Creativity not about efficiency but serendipity
Yo im Looking for a connect to do a video this summer lets talk money holla atya boy
Like the Red Sox Alley Page on Facebook #redsox and follow
There is no way to describe the feeling I get when your own child tells you they love you...
Dominion is really a game changer.
Hold the spray paint, grass is a growing at Texas Tech
Can we just fast forward threw all the hard shit in life and avoid the bumps and rocks, no because those bumps and rocks make you stronger.
not blaming conductors. How about putting extra workers on during busy weekends like this?
. Thanks for the #FF!
U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 2.2% Rate, Report Says Gross domestic product grew at an annualized rate of 2.2 percent, easing from the pr
"They'll want to talk immediately." - Dona's opinion of what Pgh audiences will want to do after seeing #StreetcarNamedDesire!
In 2008, 627,000 businesses opened, & nearly that many closed.
I love the childish tantrums of "adults" in public.
Come support your tigers in their first home game of the year tomorrow at 7pm on Patterson Field!
I'm all the way out here in a whole lotta nothin Midland, when I could be back home taking care of business >:[
u also have a dog?
uh oh I just got it on my phone!!!!
no doubt JGS i was talkin bout others
Heading to Florida for the weekend. #:)
negative them calls was horrible
Happy Thursday everyone! Hope your day is going well! :)
What's the best way to promote a mixtape in your opinion?
I am hosting a "Dress for Success" seminar on 11/17 @ 1pm at PSA Financial & Insurance Services. Please RSVP if you plan to attend.
Your little moods irritate me sometimes.
@ Very Attractive
Honesty is the hardest but most beautiful thing next to forgiveness.
"Your wife has a lovely neck..." is number 7 on my Top 10 Things That Sound Complementary In My Head But Extra Creepy Out Loud.
you better! :)
oh come on, when your a fan of this team, they are guilty of having nobody until proven innocent or otherwise, no big surprise
I haven't talked to you in a good six months are you have the audacity to say that to me? Who do you think you are?
Thanks to the hard work of our web wizard, the site is becoming social media savvy! How great is that?
Looking forward to connecting with a fellow Everett resident and inviting them to Isagenix.
My brain is going to explode! (and yet, I find it all fascinating)
what is it inbox me it
Damn just remembered I have to come to school Friday.
how much
People say 'why do you still love him?' & honestly, i don`t know but theres just something about him & i just can`t let him go.
The McClain Sisters are gonna get the party started at the Minnesota Mall of America right! Woohooooo!
I hope OKC beats the hell out LA!
hey Noah!! fell in love with u wen i saw you on tv tdy. Ur gorg!will you b in NYC? Follow and mayb I cn hlp set up a meet n greet.
PR-Squared's Social Media Tactics Series: PR & Edgework Via Facebook
let me know...i went to his show in madison over summerand it was hilarious
Why is called tweeting wen it's spelled Twitter
So apparently I'm a model today...Life as an event planner- you're always doing something new everyday~
dude! You're coming to Greensboro?! What what?!
Robots in disguise are way cooler than Moriarty.
Did I just see at target? I think so
never got around to reading that book
is so excited to be getting toast
The soccer boys did great tonight!
Zucker, Didier, Bennett and Knowlton participating in pre-game skate. Phillips not on the ice. All are still game-time decisions.
Happy Trans Thursday!
We are so excited to be playing this Saturday at Arlenes Grocery in NYC. Hope you can make it too! .. <3 bri
I heart you guys! Posting photos of some of my fave finds soon.
Howdy! That sounds fun. Where?
RT : It sucks when you pick the wrong session at #2011icf Better session descriptions are needed, especially for the 4 hour...
srry late reply about app.A great programmer here in baton rouge that helps me with game development.R u thinking of doing 1?
A little under three hours...#SPN ....woot.....
i thought ur car was taken away?
I have only used one brand which contains low dosage. It has helped me so far during the times I needed it.
What Club Live On A Sunday Night? Hit Me Up - BAM!!!!
Look forward to seeing your posts.
I am and this is off the hook!
wtf? rooting for a Ranger?
I'm going to Vegas tomorrow :l
I've seen every day since she got back from Miami and without a camera :/ We must fix it!
GM TO ALL
“: What's phelps hitting on the gun?” 91 to 93
Team headed west.
Happy Baby=happy mom!
Emilio Pucci. (And stuff I don't need at Target.)
Only a few days left to apply and let GHAPFM help you make your Dreams come true! Scholarship deadlines March 29 for Los Angeles...
really worried about the Bears staff for next year. It's like musical chairs up there.
Am told there are >2100 conferees at #oah2012 #ncph2012. Milwaukee is fabulous. Congrats to conference program committee on great job.
RT : printing out my physical forms. yayyy actually excited for volleyball :)
<3 one tree hill
When you realize your " bestfriend " wasnt really there for you when you needed her.. I'm so over this type of crap..
for FREE. Where the front row?
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
I just feel bad for the poor gals...and the johns : (
Empathy is my greatest gift... even when it hurts.
Good to be home.
I paint my nails just so I can pick it off in history class.
on page 1, section C, of Sat. July 30th edition, the person described as the "cooped-up berry lover" tis me! And it's true!
. direct message or email me your # so we can get together for our once every 5 sighting. xoxo..after all..i did get married
gshit goo hard or go home
#Peoplelikeus believe that there are no limits to what we can accomplish
People piss me off. Not in the mood to deal with people right now.
I felt like I did a lot better on my PSAT because of your class. It's sad that students won't have that advantage anymore!
I Was Watching Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs Then I Think I Saw You On The commercial :0
Cooked my lonely ass some shrimp.
funny how it really is a choice some days. Always a great decision though.
Really liking spicy foods should be considered a form of masochism <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Are y'all ready for a contest from BonfireJam? Tune-in to our official Facebook page for information on how you could win a backstage tour!
we will make it work suggie! I can't want to be able to pop over for a little weekend visit! Whew, the search is finally over!
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
U bitch
haha never heard of it :o
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 x,
you are a stupid cum rag.
We love spending our weekends here with this gang. :-)
Back at you Big... ,Juice
Ah Thank you so much!!! :)) RT : #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno welcome dude, great day ahead
Cried with laughter when I thought something on the floor was a mouldy sunflower, seed turns out it was a bit of bird shit omg
If you're quoting a movie, and you quote the actor who said the line, isn't that the opposite of a quote?
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
Nothing says Thanksgiving like watching #thesongremainsthesame with Dad. Thanks Palladia.
I had two teachers echo that, when I confessed to them that I hadn't been coding since before puberty.
man just enjoying my Monday morning listening to the show. Hope everyone's having a good morning over there
Where in the world is Osama Bin Laden? He's not.
Just don't have sex or you will get pregnant and die.
The wonder years was awesome! Glad I got to see them with my girlfriend
maybe it was a birthday cry for help. Poor bastard...
Visit with OHC at the Ohio Travel Association conference this week in Sandusky -- find support for your favorite heritage tourism project.
Really?? Interesting.
let the haters hate you got swag kid
if it doesn't involve a bottle of tequila, two donkeys and some peanut butter I will yawn.
cool! Though I just learned a local tiger rescue provided the Memphis Tigers with your mascot so maybe some tiger gear ;-)
twitter world is where i can't figure out who wants to buy me and who wants to sell me. :|||||
I can dig it...make that paper...
Maybe in London. You really need to come visit California, Charles.
God created you 2 be FRUITFUL & MULTIPLY // you can't do either unless you're CONNECTED to the source! (Jesus) Gen. 1:26-28 & John 15
RT congrats! : So proud of my team for bringing home 14 #inspirenc awards!
haha very funny
hey cutie thanx for following me.
What time you coming cuz?
can't complain
I ate to many cheezits, now I owe you a box of cheezit's.
#JustRememberThat You should love diversity & respect backgrounds
Rico Rico Rico Rico
I want pinterest superbowl party leftovers :)
If anybody has a ticket for Bonnaroo they would like to give me for free or at a greatly reduced price I would certainly appreciate it.
Anyone had any great workouts today?
be proud . be confident . & most of all be happy <3
lol wait what's happening Thursday?
Brooke: "Cataloging is the broccoli of Library Science"
Been asleep all day :')
I plan on watching a lot of it, Haupt Deutschland!!
you and are just amazing follow me please!!!
Happy Mothers Day *Wet Willie*
you guys should come back to portland(: you have a lot of fans here.!
Yes, I thought that was quite obviious!
Its Monday nite...where am I off to?....KARAoke of course ;-)
Reading Malcolm Gladwell's "Outliers" which is super awesome and interesting. If you've read it, geek out with me
RT : Your missing william on the piano and good wine. Get out of the rain here with the great music. It's wet outside but no ...
i see you fam, good shit!
The way you dress is SUPER sexy
Gym time. Gotta shake off some of this stiffness
Loving the fact that my grandma is home!!!! What a fighter. So proud of you!
This is when my sad face comes in. RT : Unfortunately, most orgs dont :(
"I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe." ROFL You're such a dweeb :P
you ain't catchin no fish
when the pimps in the crib ma drop it like its hott ...
Geography of the tequila matters. Agave grows best at high altitude.
Our agency meets & exceeds the expectations of our clients, specializing in employee benefits. Linton & Associates (505) 247-1530
The weather is so sexy today.
keep the season going today!
FYI...if u'r alarm resets itself automatically...it doesn't acct 4 Leap Year! Learned this the hard way ;)
This bitch said, "How is that okay?" talking about Jen's words, but yet this whore was walking BAREFOOT on a table....How is THAT okay?!
Brands will have to start using the Facebook timeline feed in 30 days. Will be interesting to see what page features translate!
Worrying does nothing to ease your problems, it just makes them bigger.
Staying home along is fun ....until you start hearing weird noises o_O
Happy Easter to you!
he meant arrived at the titanic before it left
#ThingsMyBrotherSays: "Watching this high school girls' basketball game makes it feel as if I'm watching it underwater."
Happy Thanksgiving Small Business Owners! No matter the shape, size or challenges of your business, be thankful today that you have it.
Just this one thing.
oh, because jars open themselves, right?
Today & tommorw we will be annoucing the winners of tickets to Wed. Vertical Fashion Show at Revere...Last Chance to enter coming up!
How do you march in a parade BEFORE you were born?This guy is god!
Hanging out with #likeaboss :)
You can't expect me to be fine, I don't expect you to care I know I've said it before, But all of our bridges burned down
was really nice meeting you last night. Have a good trip home and hit me up when you coming back:-)
they will
“Attitudes are contagious, is yours worth catching?”
NL: Prince-Adore
you love me, I know you do! :')
So sad to see them all go #BBN good luck next year
Come use your magical powers and make it all better. :c
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-03
is the worst friend ever
Yo! How the heck are ya?!
- great presentation
we are tweeting from tonight for
Get ready for gardening classes starting in March!! Will be posting dates on the newsletter and twitter!
Katy perry's granny w/ her tongue out *dead*
Yes! Practice everyday! Just like you brush your teeth and take a shower, a singer must sing!
I still gotta find somewhere to go tonight I got a lot of good suggestions but nothing sparked my interest
Welp I officially have flutes in one of my new tunes. Awesome right? hahaha
Wings penalty on Manney for holding the stick. 4 on 4 for about a minute.
Food Fact of the Day: 1985 The Brown Derby Restaurant in Hollywood, closed after 57 years. the Cobb Salad was created there in 1936.
THIS RAIN. <3
Life time pitch meeting here we go starting to get ready for it wish me and luck fingers crossed everyone
indeed, Bordeaux and standing rib roast.
Yes it does! Or with hot sauce! It's a FAT!!
Bush named chief executive of Challenger space center - Arizona Daily Star Bush named chief executive of Challenger space center Arizona
i don't have a short temper, i just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
Do you take any pleasure from Torres bagging two, or does the combination of he and Downing scoring at once frighten you?
Thanks ! RT: Really enjoyed presenting at the board meeting. Highly impressed w/ that organization & it's leadership
I am testing this account. Pardon me followers. Thanks.
After much debate, my FF is set. Wichita State, Mizzou, KU and Kansas St.
SAY HI TO THE PENGUINS FOR ME!
Just a couple more hours to go to write a review and to enter our Batting Glove Giveaway! Who has gotten themselves an entry so far?
RT : When you get back up, suddenly, everything becomes possible!
Yo I swear Justin & is dad (jeremy) look so alike!! There soo cute :)
Anyone wanna take me to school? lol
My #Super16Weekend is a 2-day event. Day1 will feat young&positive Hip Hop, Pop & R&B artists; Day 2 will feat Inspirational/Gospel artists.
Music makes me high.
OMG! shmello twit friend! haha yes im ready for summer and partyin! its gonna be fun meg! :)
I love your posts, I look forward to them for a good laugh. Thanks for that! :)
Overall this is a good half for the #Knicks! We have to keep this up and build on the lead in the 3rd quarter!
Thanks, Alan. Thomas had a big influence on Salmond's politics. (Salmond is SNP.) Who says poetry can't change the world?
chilling watching a movie wen y'all gone get us fucked up or high ass hell LIL BOOTY:-) :-)
#about to leave for an #audition!! break a leg to me! come on!!!!
I could see Hart moving there to get Aoki & Gomez into the lineup more consistently. "cute" enough?
I'm way too excited for this upcoming year..
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain. ~
Maybe not today, but your request has been noted. Happy Halloween!
“: #Browns Shurmur said of T. Richardson today: "Don't let the 5-9 fool you. He's powerful.''” yes sir!
Very cool...well, Arkansas of course...no one can outdo us for tornadoes! It's one of the few things we're good at! : )
ok ppl r hacking my fb and twitter
I took a little vacation from Twitter. Don't worry, you'll be seeing more abrasive tweets from me. :)
Where you at foo
If you got a red envelope during a December visit, don't forget to bring it in sometime before Feb 28 to see what prize you won!
I'm having a rough morning. The last HK cookie helped though.
Kept having dreams last night that my phone already had a crack in it. Yes, Virginia, I am that pathetic.
I really hate when guys half hug. that's like shaking my hand.
this "no more tears" shampoo sure isn't helping to treat my crippling depression
#PR is at the hub of everything Monster does - connects #socialmedia, #advertising &
Why cant u love me as much as i love you??
Dex: Fake friends would ask you if you were ok if you fell. Real friends would trip you again. Me: 0_o
Thank goodness the #Steelers are playing the #Chiefs tonight. This is awful.
I is gonna be up in da Delta dis weekend! Who gonna hang wit me?!
WifeSwap is hilarious.
my boys holding down the court while i'm in the DL!
Lol i thought i did by putting 2 words everytime he write a paragraph ! he keeps talking abt himself! ugh
MATILDA IS ON
#YoucuteandAllBut you're not a 10 and you slept with a bunch of dudes from your hometown
U/D Wilmot - 1 FF suffered minor injuries, medics transporting to Mercy Hospital in non-life threatening condition.
I hate that i still think about you 24/7 but yet, im not aloud to talk to you... I still love you and i always will...
“: The sun is out and it's raining. Huh?” THE END IS NEAR
how did I know you would have songs written and everything?
The only Carlos Fuentes I've ever read was Artemio Cruz, but I read it four times (to teach it). It's crazy good.
Is the fighter serious? Laughter. Tears. All in one flick!
Everybody talking about how did soo good I can just imagine them doing they lil swagg dance & TK sayin really cash thats all u got
I am pretty sure Google Plus does that with Picasa.
Learn about the benefits of goji juice, green tea, and yerba mate in this week's HerbClips!
would rather someone use it.
I pray not because I need something, but because I’m ought to thank God about something
If things we imagined actually happened and real life situations were artificial!
Book signing today, 4 pm, at the Barnes & Noble, Oak Brook, IL, 297 Oakbrook Center.
done. black?
Merry Christmas Everyone <3
What is evidence of learning in art in a museum context? If you don't know the outcome, how can you design to support.
#lxchat RT : for site specific: it's way less about "calling a show" and more about solving logistics.
Aw the parade is coming down my block! I still have my sheet music let me play with you.
Now at panel about #Chaucer. First up: #comics in the classroom.
Watching the laker game on my phone lol
I submitted a question to your support discussion center a couple hours ago and I'm still waiting to hear back....crickets....
She's so stupid she thinks a shoplifter is a very strong person who goes round picking up shops.
did he chest bump him?!
- Thanks for the follow, #makeup friend, we are honored!
We're talking Prom horror stories with tonight! 222-9800 to share yours of text us 69822! It's getting juicy!
It's a groovy day. :)
have you seen asa hotels for san juan? Gorgeous! I m bringing the fam.
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
do who ever you want you mean? ;)
Okay, things are looking up. I might be in my house before 9!
#HelpingHayes my heart goes out to the family. You are in my prayers tonight. RIP.
#aiip12 Getting Things Done w/ Marcy Phelps Evernote not sticky notes
What happened to ? Miss , too.
i follow please send justin my name please thanks!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>I hope that it heals fast and healthy wish all the best Daniel
hey I love the title of the album, hope you're having a ball, be safe, see you soon...
Do the Seahawks like to reach in drafts or is it just me?
I miss the "GoodMorning babe" and "GoodNight babe" texts...:/
I'm sharing a 5br apt with 1 bathrm and 4 gay men in NY till I move. I'm having the same issue. I feels u, girl. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"My kids make me laugh, my husband makes me laugh, my "unit" makes me laugh harder than everything." -The Daily Show's Samantha Bee
you have a camera?
killer bootcamp this morning with !
Guys in body suits flashing everyone by price chopper.. Kool lol verizon called the cops
Few things will drag me out of bed at 3 am. The opportunity to trade Peter Pan quotes with a coworker is one of those things.
Trainer was pouring him a handful of them as he was running to teh huddle before he scored 2nd TD
“: #cnndebate #santorum #romney #newt #ronpaul Newt, again, again, has the profound point”
BRICK SQUAD
Its Mothers day! Buy your mother something she really wants!
I LOVE
Anybodys birthday today:D tell me iwould like to know and i wish youa happy birthday:)
Deputies wait as faith healing couple embrace and cry
I assume you plan to leave at least one behind.
Stadium Conference Committee taking on the feeling of a retirement party -- or maybe one of those Super Bowl post-game ceremonies.
Precisely so! :-)
You need to come by again. Quite a few changes since your last visit!
John M. Eades~ There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
has there been enough 'socializing time' or should we build in more for next year?
aw thank you :)
I think she was supposed to be blonde.
that's some greasy
Keep up the hobnobbing
Haha yeah that was kinda weird..but yolo..right..?
Lol Andrew Luck is so awkward
I speed a lot. I could be given a citation. Is this really a necessary "Tweet". Big deal a lot of us could be detained.
In LA at the mixing theater finishing the final sound mix for 'A Place in the World'!
If #sb1070 is upheld, will you travel to AZ?
RT : So glad my daddy, , is a pharmacist. He knows just how to fix his sickly daughter. Don't know what I'd do wi
Thanks Karen!
Everyone please welcome the one & only Bay 101 June to Twitter! RT My feet hurt but I love time !
Respect for kids' skills is often lacking in educational settings
Need a weekend away from the hustle and bustle of small town life and social business. Come stay with me, ur bro, and sleep in!
fortifying my eLife now like never before.
Are you in the USA right now?
Great! Glad that you guys will be hacking on our API!
Aw I have your ticket was it just u coming
I thought Alexis was a musician. I tend to listen to more and read articles, but maybe I need to listen to them.
Laying down just made my men dinner....
incredibly jealous better see some pics when I wake up!
We had a great meeting with Rep. Mark White. We are so glad to have him as a supporter of Voices for Memphis' Children.
LOL. Some of you gays...smh.
I'm with you on a lot of issues, but you're way off the mark with #PIPA. The vitality of the Internet is too important to risk.
RT : Appreciate your help with annual meeting yesterday! You provided some great products!
I wish I had some bubbles n bath beads to put in this water. I So need this
I wanna piercing...again!
Fuck. Got my tag reported fully again. >>
Memorizing lines with a bad cold!!!life's tough.
sitting on the powerchair playing on my powerphone... Happy New Year!
& shared marcel, wise words, and jokes with Collegiate kids today. Awesome visit!
can blow me...
Patterson is angry his pants do not seem to fit!
Gonna be a great night!
Free ice cream between 5-8 at Ben and Jerry's if you tell 'em you voted... same for 12oz coffee at Starbucks!
BREAKING NEWS: Gadhafi overthrows Kim Jong Il, becomes world's silliest-looking dictator.
Now tell me how u love it u know at the top, and on the heavens right above it
Mosquito bites <<<< But at least that means summers coming! :D
They are memories on my feet, and my canvas to make a statement.
Let's go!
Congrats 2 who won the ticket & art giveaway 4 's show tomorrow! We DMed u the deets! Enjoy!
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
but the Bieber
Baby u put the smile on my face!
Remodels and new updates are something I can help you with.
i have an addiction to collecting plastic fast food utensils.. never know when you'll need a spork
I have learned that me + the dark + lots of set pieces = injuries. What can I say? I'm clumsy xD
check out the new site. www.bestpractice-llc.com
I really don't like when someone tells me I can't do something. Makes me want to punch them in the face even if they are my friend. Hmm...
You're welcome! :)
Next up: a 4 hour meeting! , are you serving cupcakes?
You're all welcome for the #ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch hashtag.
Just don't go double or nothing.
a degenerate with admirable hopes & dreams! Lolol
Can't wait til next Tuesday
don't hurt yourself
Something or someone might pop out.....or a kitty
Oomf took the name I wanted
Heading to University of Georgia tomorrow. Performing with the St. Anthony Gospel Choir.
#OnceUponATime I bit this chick at Starbucks, turned her. Now I just have to convince her this red cross blood I stole is ethically sourced.
Try having someone tell you, you can't be with who you love because they disagree.
So I take it you'll concede that point to Heller in turn for the excitement of Braun being cleared?
Typography exist to represent content
follow me on #instagram at amon20
I like Maybach music starting to like trap music a little bit more and bay music is always playin'
I think so ;)
Thats Also The One of The BIGGEST reasons i watch it... lol
Good morning everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I use , and sometimes
That person in the office who insists on having crazy loud phone conversations.
Vendors of machines sell you machines that cannot be easily managed by non-dummies. Compaq had a restore CD so you are in good shape.
RT : You can have anything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what they want.~Zig Ziglar
I have the right to keep bear arms, right?
no problem
Everyday for me ..
We would like to be able to help you with your medication needs. How can we help?
Aw! Thank you kindly!
one more week of summer class to go.....
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Me and are planning tattoo ideas........
Darling, dont lie to me<3
The revolution in deved has begun. Learn more at my session w/ at 11am in grand ballrm I
all i hear is bow
decent hotel by the airport? we have an early flight out of FAR next month & don't want to drive 80 miles in the morning
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> in other words kill yoself what's good ten a key
Sinuses should be clear when you exercise to regulate air temp. You may need to take a nasal allergy medication.
People would b shaking like crazy if they were in the position i was in, idc anymore they wanna slam me on the ground and cuff me.. smh cops
Shots? Bars?
know feeling n those small buyins. Guy set mined on FT w 15 BBs. Got there 22 vs my KK as chip ldr. Not near as bad as 89 tho
I hear ya. I need a break too. But I don't get my vacation days back until end of June.
follow back please
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
.. :[ (actually, we get to refer those questions to a different desk!)
We think too alike when it comes to baseball.
ha. ok hop on a plane.
watchin the same thing
": I hope Obama doesn't get re-elected. America would be doomed" You must not keep up in politics to be making this statement
you going to tower?
Round 1 of Torches music video shoot is about to happen... Yes!
lol could be hot then
on video games
RT The Jets have officially signed 6th round pick, Guard, Robert Griffin. / We're calling him RGGreen, alright guys?! ... Hello?
can't get enough strawberry cheesecake
Milwaukee is stuck in 82
now also might be a good time to mention that I have a plushie, knit beanie, and a t-shirt for squints.
Vikings should trade back to 5. Bucs move ahead of Cleveland to get Richardson, and Vikings can still get their guy Claiborne at 5.
Any word on the baseball game yet?
cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you.. <U+2665>
I need more followers!
Living xl coupon codes
I had been really been looking forward to your patent editorial and it definitely didn't disappoint. Well done.
Morn'in Motivation: Just know that everything messed up in the world and in your life will pass; Like a meal that didn't agree with you!
do u have a voxer??
hey baby u gone met us at the casino
I've been anxious to blog -- purchasing my new URL today, announce tomorrow.
I have no respect for myself? Well.duh
There's something about these 62 degree crystal clear crisp winter days that must be something of a benefit to living in California.
Just Manny being Manny
we did get the candy back ($3,000 worth) but it was dirty and we couldn't reuse it (had been put in emptied sawdust barrels)
is going to laugh at me tomorrow when i tell her my embarassing story! :( wahh lmao
yeah I was gonna go SeeTools, but it wouldn't be spring if I didn't get a cease and desist.
why u gotta be hatin !!!
What a beautiful day in Baltimore, we're open for some god afternoon drinks, lunch, and snacks, like a cool smoothie or JoeChino (
I miss talking to you all! #TheTamTeam #MJFam (I have not forgotten you)
What to do, what to do today.
. I thought we all grew up learing that you pay a hooker then kill her to get your money back. Use a bat to save ammo.
hello there! thank you so much for the shoutout my friend~ have a great day :)
no new brushes but a NEW COACH PURSE :)
Joseph Graham from American Chemical Society Publications, just introduced grid view to mimic browsing print pubs
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist (Frank Tony style) send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
the AB Causeway and I now have a love/hate relationship.
they were so good..
i'm going to forward you precise lastest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack.
If BF & CD go through, think we'll see CD's a little more challenged by reg pattern in Nov election. You going on record? ;)
Value the people who sacrifice their something for you, because maybe that something was their everything..
that's all we can do.
Or -8..I'm bad at math.
OMG THE ICE CREAM MAN JUST DROVE BY !
My favorite part of Beauty and the Beast was when Bella was impressed with the Beast library. I knew a girl like that once.
Had a fabulous day at #lakshmi salon! Models , clients and extension!
The premiere of 's doulespeak--every emotion all at once.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely
#libmade will be archived! And follow the hashtag for some amazing convos!
Thanks for the compliment! We also have extremely talented alums.
--- you'd look fantastic in a TuesdayTee. Buy one, you rich bastard! We know that beet farm has you makin' bank.
Eyes all sticky like honey on bees look lookin how they look at me
willing to bet not a single one of you won a damn thing.
#robart crossed legs creates feel of unbalance. Pretty good eye contact. LIked big extended arm gestures.
we have power...no candles tomorrow ;)
Unsigned. International. Status.
For sure. April best.
Will be watching from the US. It's 6 a.m. here on the east coast!
Wilson & Baker neighbors joining in schools initiative spring clean. elementary
just tried to write popular and i wrote poopular
Would *LOVE* to. Email me. mmurray - at - madsecinc dot com
Rolling with CORS right now rather than frustrate myself with JSONP. CORS not supported in IE7.
lol, that feel more pre-mw than mw, the only community where the fights stop when we break out the booze!
I have been meaning to watch Breaking Bad for a while. Already watched Arrested Development.
All caught up on Walking Dead comics... Now I have to wait like everybody else.
Some of us can gifted lay the pipe, for all other relationships there is
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Some neurons more vulnerable to partial MeCP2 dysfunction; decades later, others fail (insights from A140V mutation.)
"Pop the Pig? Doggie Doo? Oh, Come on!" --my 9 year old. He is one tough toy critic.
Badly. I filed a complaint with the FTC today. I'm actually AHEAD on my payments but they refuse to budge.
Thanks For The Follow Brendan :D
Indiana librarians, would there be any interest in a job list compiled from multiple sources?
Reading Acoustic Rooster at Booktopia in Bethesda tomorrow at 2pm. Bring the kids, come meet Mules Davis and Bee Holiday.
yes I did .. Is there an embargo date on it?
“ Gemini will enjoy your company better if you're flirtatious too. It's more fun this way!”
I LOVE the special things you send me ;-) FYI I'm your balla lil lady :-)
Working on the start of the rest of my life. I can't wait to graduate and get my life started.
big day for the #NFLCombine ...QBs and Wide-Outs #RG3 and #KendallWright are gonna rock it today.
sounds like a good time ! You should try to find a hot wheels club in your area and get him into racing ! Its a great time !
Buy local - support madeinnewark.net
"Jake the Snake, hanging in the weeds . . ." - Jim Jackson, PHI 3 - 2 PIT
agreed. i found it most entertaining. (the use of my punctuation counters my sole use of lowercase) :)
I feel ya
I'm emailing the before pics to him then destroying the evidence. lol Weeds looking like trees for days!
Thanks for following me
Crazy how you develop feelings for a person.
haha yes! I was poking fun at you:)
If you don't like an exercise, start doing it. You're probably avoiding it because you're weak at it.
It's Friday;)
Lee: Neither did we. Thanks brother!
Stop loosing leads, appts, bookings, customers, revenue! Let customers text your business instead - text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
Heading to the #Pens game w/ my brother
Thanks dahlin! I'm DYING over your new profile pic!
when your in a relationship "you" becomes us, "I" becomes We , && "they" become haters . <U+2665>
Thanks for the RT's!
...maybe i'll find the right guy someday. just not today. probably not tomorrow either.
We're back at Hayes Valley every Saturday. 11:30-4pm. Octavia/Linden
Thad, that's not gonna work for me.
In an interesting twist, Descoings was French as was Francois Mitterand who was once president of the country.
Finna go make this money
when your new song comes out i will deff get it
nope she called me back! Haha :p im doing something right here haha :p
Ok Megan go work at off broadway, sick of you
i am looking for statistics on the volume (or estimated economic value) of user generated digital content. any ideas?
Wow, 500 tweets!!! :O this is 501st! Holy cow! HEHE
If you don't have a heart. Than you don't have anything
We are saints... Never thought id say that #ff first team all-GNAC RT : lmao and #FollowFriday my tag team partner
Please rollover
Big horror fan, so loving october...
Will 1D ever come in Russia, btw? (;
absolutely will do! And remember, be one with the editorial calendar ;-)
Bakersfield, thank you for showing us such a good time. Sorry for bleeding on you!
Another day in L.A. I get to drive on the 405 south this morning. UGH! At least I get to do it in a new 328i BMW.
M a Cadbury's Cream Egg shake would be amazing.
Wow! Like all the probs caused by dental fillings!
We still have a couple of "key dates" available for Corporate State Fair events! Book your State Fair event today and get a great deal!!
our universities won't win on the EdX model: it's an int'l brand game. need to think openness beyond that zero sum.
good ur alive i was worried but i gtg for the rest of the day talk to u tomorrow(:
men on horses, bet on horses. Men on skates, bet on skates. That's why it's not the same. You don bet on the jockey
you have experience with this?
"All cruelty springs from weakness." ~ Seneca
How's that for DC stupidity-prohibit drilling to drive cost of gas up to encourage us to use electric cars, then hit us with a tax.
waking up to an empty house though <<
Shopping at Ross on a Saturday is like free birth control.
it's okay! Thanks tho love:)
Is it weird that I'm wearing LUGz boots in my night gown? (to lazy to take em off after my ciggy)
In Westerns you were permitted to kiss your horse but never your girl. Gary Cooper.
isn't it a little early for bourbon?
I am excited for the day I can wake up and make a healthy breakfast and watch morning talk shows
I guess you can call him.... Nomore Ghaddafi now.
yeah probably not.
Nice swing, Donnie
Y'all twitcon is too cute!!
I love smiling. Smiling's my favorite.
My head hurt im not tryna run
But Château Lafite Rothschild is not closed so I'll be seeing them soon. Always a great place and a great wine!
maybe thursday/Friday?
NBA has is enough say so that they back WNBA because threatened the TV networks $$$$$ talks
Prepping for my history classes, next up: Appeasement before WWII & the Scottsboro Trials!
you're welcome! Thank you and hope you got what you needed.
Awesome! Thanks for including us! :)
wow ur so cynical
What's up Anthony-thanks for checking out the TWC video! Hope all is well
What would you do if this was your motto? "To injure no man, but to bless all mankind." Check & see what they do it w/ it & news.
Everyone has to grow up eventually and only then do they realize all the mistakes they made and move on.
I have a lot of long lost friends....
#praysforseankingston Get will soon! <3 ! my prayers are always with you
what is it exactly? :)
I really need a beer. #Shiner would really hit the spot.
I'm trying to figure out a easy way to let him down
RT : "Where you choose to live is now the most important decision you make"...glad is working econ dev for NM
Definitely Schweinsteiger's. But I might be a bit biased. hehe
Hmu before i knock
May my sister in laws mom rest in peace.
Yes, be very careful. Been thinking of you. Don't stand up fast!
idk apparently shes moving TO atlanta for this... i hate that these shows are like casting calls now
#iwasthekid that had superglue on my hands and tried getting them off my hands
Today must be the day for epic customer service!
Hey, how's it going?
Heard you needed the help of an Angel? :)
where do you get your paint? I need to start painting my place and I'm looking for ideas!
Life is a duty, complete it.Mother Teresa.
Glad I was there for first downtown dirty dog!
Heading to hollywood the 19 got to get ready to preform!
Another great effort by AJ wasted. :(
lol it's crazy ate moms are a like
I agreed!
Youu got everything a woman want but I still wanna spoil ya!!
But you ain't really ready for that tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>...
It's technically a "caucus" though, not a debate.
RT : My Inspiration for the Pink Carpet Event Crave Restaurant Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure®......
- great job on yours, too! wonderful imagery.
- Welcome Ajay! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <33
Thanks for the RT and glad to intro you to audioboo!
To be alone with you. <3
follow back
Maybe that Klein on nashville is a dolt, so what? Renne is the glue, eh?
Do people atthe DMV have lives
#iLoveWhenYou talk to me about your day
Monday Tweetcast - highs in the low to mid 80s, scat'd storms develop later today. Some strong with wind/hail issues.
same here on the unfollow
So did you hit up the strip last night? Where did you go?
hope Spurs win on the road at Utah, and Thunder ends Mavs' season.
Romney gets two big endorsements
I just wanna fucking sleep man..
iknowwe he's adorable
“: got me up in publix trying to get some crab legs steamed lol” lmfaooo! It's only right!
They say good things come to those who wait...
how did i miss that lucien freud died? now i really need a breakfast taco.
Love the friends who make your whole insides fill up with joy simply by being who they are....amazing!
The translation of that statement for dog people is "I woke up with a headache." Try that, works every time for me!
you can not just have a 45 minute documentary on #Messi and expect me to get anything done today.
with no need for a label, why do you use the language of capitalism in your name Mr. Trademark?
:) ya ya baaayyybaaayyy!!! I'll be seein yoouuu. Except... We might have to go to a park.. I need to spend time with wrigley
dude i have to find a internship fast!!....
reading #theseptemberissue of any fashion magazine gets me so excited for fall<3
IMMIGRATION!! You just keep talking about the subjects I love, Barack.
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you. #PrettyPlease :D
Wis. elections board unanimously says recall election against GOP Sen. Scott Fitzgerald can proceed
OMG i don't wanna go back to school but i miss my frands love you guys
"business orientation, expectations, political connection, cultural adaptation." and in midst of all that, get some work done!
Disappointment: being favored in every game but one and going 6-6. Leadership problem, not a playmaker or officiating problem
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Missing Somebody.
congrats!! We're excited to have you!
Yep! My Jomadado shop is where the shirt is from. Made it in 2009 & it took off in Dec 2011 thanks to Kidd Kraddick.
I love talking to him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
This Saturday at the Columbus Civic Center. Lost On LeMans and Ice skating + food and drinks. ONLY $5 :)
RT : My wife said she wanted to "do it in public." Why would she want other people to see her cook?
The object of the superior man is truth. Confucius
Scott's homemade Chessecake tonight in honor of National Cheesecake Day . Looks yummy!
If I could punch an Excel formula in the face I would.
Jennifer Hudson Brings the Diva at VH1 's Soul Event When Jennifer Hudson was invited to perform at VH1 's Divas Celebrate Soul event, we
hey gorgeous...
Very exciting!
Glad I come home and I get no texts from anyone. Like that's real fuckin cool
#Lakers say no. No guarantee Deron commits to them, plus Bynum playing best ball of his career.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
Happy Birthday your Shaqness! Dana White should let you fight in the UFC for your birthday!
thanks! I love the solstice!
Isn't the fight Mayweather/ Ortis fight this weekend? Who is your pick? Mine is Mayweather.
well, I'm sure they have your size:)
ESPN3 is being lame thanks to some balky internet 'round here. Thankfully, Twitter is telling me a (good) story thus far.
Girl, when are we gonna glitt-ify Minneapolis together!?
Monty Python Mosquito Hunting
Who's going to Jazz Fest on Saturday April 28th?
uhh, Mikey, i just wanted to Know when our Wedding is??
life is good.
Ready to be out of this class. -_-
on the kimball bus lonely as hell lmao
That video is hilarious #stayschemin absolutely funny as hell
Fans! What would you do with 25 free Chick-fil-A sandwiches!
luckyy..its like 95 degrees over here
You fire a guy you create a rival, fire a girl you create a housewife.
Awready bro. Just grinding trying to get the world ready for "Oldies but Goodies" June 28th ya feel me
hey girl! Haven't seen you in forever!
thats some bullshit where did you hear that?
I'm done mixin now its time for my bot to take over and kill the club....
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Buddha
Whitey's returned to Boston before since running from the FBI. What he told agents on #7News at 11.
she's your #1 fan
"Why do you still love me?" "Why is a madman mad?" - J. Massenet, 'Werther,' Act II
wander with me yoooooooooo, it's all for free
I miss those days when you responded to my tweets. Your advice is always the gnarliest and I miss it.
If you have a valid copy of Windows, you may want to go the dual boot (via boot camp) on the mac. More stable than virtual box.
It's game time kids! O-H!
Leaving for the Last Frontier in a few minutes here. Alaska, not space. Space is the Final Frontier.
Annoy A Yanks fan- Tell him you know why Marilyn Monroe was attracted to both JFK & JoeD - buck teeth. #redsox bit.ly/mightannoy
also a lot of IMPATIENT players who feel like they're entitled to play big minutes their first & second year
#Mcdstories was clearly not the Egg McMuffin of social media campaigns.
So excited to have you! Thanks for joining us!
Omg almost time for teen wolf ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
My parents still up
In my version of MR. BELVEDERE, he's from Spain, and he's got martial arts training from a robot ex-wife
I can't sleep :(
Busy busy busy busy
Detroit Public TV - Special on education tonight 11pm. 3 stories - academic transformation - on literacy, physical and science education.
In the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, until the destroying storms pass
Turning in early, got a lot to think about. Gonna give it all to the Lord because He'll know how to handle it....
Haha! Good 1 ": Oh, you don't like my mix? Oh, cuz it doesn't have enough air horn samples? And I actually use some ori"
you better be hot then
is live from Lake Waconia tonight with the #fishing opener forecast on KSTP-TV at 5pm & 6pm.
wow ! this has been some night :)
Encounter with the RMV this morning has me rethinking my willingness to trade in my CA license & more officially join the Commonwealth.
I'm drinking coffee now, what does that tell you? :)
BOO HOMEWORK! :S
one would think they were s, but they are not. Just a buddy in need of
not my style but the wife love historical cook books
TY! MT : Proud to be send copies of Georgetown house histories to rebuild the files at the Peabody Room Georgetown Library
Dear neighbors in NC: KY passed a marriage amendment. Some otherwise smart friends who voted Yes later felt hoodwinked and regretful.
Help Trend Austin Carter Mahone!!!! :)
let's make it happen Sal!!
I love you Lou<3
hello do you visit orlando area
uhm YES. If I have monies lol.
A young lady knows how to keep composer even with people she doesnt like because people like that will always be around..never ending battle
The Morning Show on goes New Age starting tomorrow. We've got a sneak peek coming up at 6:30!
checked out your trailer on #youtube and really liked what I heard! shoot me an email , will talk!
great question.
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
So glad to hear that - I love that series. Congratulations on this wonderful news!
how about Winnemucca Nev.? There's like 12 of us out here. Just hanging out. Waiting for you to come rock out.
Today's food is 3.4% more delicious. Keeps getting better &better. Come eat. 2nd &Lafayette
Spending the rest of the night celebrating my partner and best friend on his birthday. I am the luckiest girl in the whole world.
if you tweeted me it would just make my day ;) i'm a massive fan of your whole family! COME TO IRELAND SHAYTARDS <3 x
Should be starting at Best Buy tomorrow or the next day! If you come in and see this blonde doing #happydance all over the place thats me
Need a hint? You may have set your security word to something you might remember! Maybe one of these arbitrary things!
As far as librarians validating user-created content, we need to keep in mind the Wikipedia model where the crowd polices itself
Apple pie & ice cream
Happy Valentines Day. Love you lots <3
hEY WORLD! Steven is awesome!
Two new bruises on my butt.. One from the game tonight and the other from slipping on beer after the UK game on Monday = 1 successful week
follow me again
Looking forward to the #AMPConcert at 2pm this afternoon!
he guaranteed 8 titles. Has nothing to do with his rings.
Are you a recent graduate looking to start your post-college career? TRAK Records and Library is looking for a motivated, teamwork-orient…
anyone have suggestions on how to fall asleep fast?
Just bc u meet a guys parents it doesnt necessarily meAn hes serious about you.
Truth. Congratulations. RT : Never thought I'd derive so much pleasure from watching somebody else eat and sleep.
do you work with an organization in baltimore where young people lead/mentor other young people if so let me know?
Off to go teach some women parkour!
I'm blunt because I rolled myself this way.
Who goes from Em & RiRi to the Piano Man on their iPod? This guy!
Hi ho, hi ho! Off to class I go!
Great my car battery died and I'm just now getting home from work it took almost an hour and a half to jump start it...
Men's fashion debate: A Bostonian told my BF his cuffed pants were "ugly." What say you? Tacky or classy?
Well....looks like the Wifey and I are going to register for the NYC ING Marathon!!!! Yikes!!
"Q is the Kenyan of drinking"-Dinneen
wow thats a deep one. Love it.
What is the expression about fighting like cats and dogs about? Mine get along just fine. They seem to be great friends.
actively, for just a few weeks. i work with and he has motivated me to put this great social medium to good use!
How its going down - Dmx
that boy Tom Donald driver what a monster still a factor just ask those hating ass 49ers hell yay he get my vote to great tweet
On my way to school I should be there around 9 lol :-)
I got "a" LinkedIn request-game on!
Dear Weather, It isn't a good idea to be hot and humid today. I go to a Catholic school and they only have AC in the office and we suffer
And considering the VAST Increasing Number of new Catholics Autistic people could bring, I am SHOCKED the Vatican tolerates this
A Whole New Look Coming For Ukeycheyma
Thinking good thoughts for She's interviewing for a different position in her school district. She's been prepping for a week.
I wonder what % of emails were lost or missed due to #sxsw :) My guess...a lot!
. teams should be named after regional monikers or barring that, the color of their socks.
The lasting inspirational benefits from Apollo continue to this day even though that project ended
Last year this tweet would have seemed uteerly ridiculous RT : Clippers. Grizzlies. Game. Seven. Enough said.
Will be trying out MLS Live streaming to my tv via 's awesome media computer. Technology is awesome.
Drink, to all that we have lost, mistakes we have made, everything will change, but love remains the same
Only best friends can play with a balloon for an hour and still have fun(:
the date on tweets is the date u tweet it not the date it was first tweeted
you can literally just down the pee fast and be alright, the semen will creep down the glass
Yeah, we won't be seeing Aroldis Chapman with the if he throws like that.
happy birthday bro(: Hope it's a great day:D
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 490. 482 calories burned.
Great googly moogly! Watching cartoons with my neighbor Ayana.
Agreed! RT : I could drink the Wild 5 Amber sour ale all night.
funny thing about all this stuff today is that it's easily the best press she's ever gotten, and will help her career immensely
Have a great weekend, Supertweetah! (the man of titanium with the Bawsthun accent).
I'll continue to defer to your expertise :) I constantly refer people to your site. Always happy to collaborate with you.
Yea! Figured out how to add categories to my store, now I need to figure out how to add the items to the category.
that was the term used in the GOPs presentation!
Michael Imperioli auditioned 400 times before booking his first part. Mark Ruffalo, 800.
“: "Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference." - Life's Little Instruction Book #quote”
yeah you did. You just don't remember it
Working on something big musically with my brother for our next Bowman gig - stay tuned...
I actually have a pretty positive outlook on it. I'm kinda happy for him and myself. It's really weird and hard to explain.
I'm savoring every sip of mine right now:-)
i read hunger games and really enjoyed them. Read all three in two weeks.
So happy it's Friday!
my mother instructed me on the phone this morning to "have fun like a student this weekend, not like a responsible adult." um...
You make me feel lazy!!
“Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in & sting the victim.” Fun fact for you...
What an honor if I can be an extension of The Saviour's work...
sorry about that 1st post, the url was wrong. the right one has been posted. wrong one deleted.
haha so true!
Aw thanks! You too! I want to catch up. When are you in Milwaukee? Shoot me an email.
So here's what I don't get: won't NBC just convince a bunch of pissed off ppl to not watch their new shoes when they drop their 3 best?
Goodnight Twitter :) <3
Just read it again: composite growth
i just sent both of the pictures then put my name in the email thingyy
« On this day in 1940, the cut the clipping penalty from 25 yards to 15 yards.»
"Even heroes have the right to bleed."
yes you are the cutest thing ever!!
I tweeted this to trick klout into giving me an achievement.
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
WEED is fuckin Awesome
Q1: Let parents check out iPads for interactive ebooks.
Brunswick ME Rail investment an example for others- "TX, OK,K KS seize the day <br>with Passenger Rail Symposium" htt//bit.ly/HsTkC0
argentina makes good churrasco
Victoria Justice is very beautiful :)
Happy Mother's Day! I am blessed with a wonderful mom.
It's BOUT DAY! Tickets will be available at the door for $15. See yinz there!
I'll hurry as much as I can? We don't start driving until the 26th :/
hellz yeah ! RT : Man I'm excited about this #Brewers game!! Time to take the division lead!!
Thanks for "following" me, I'm new to twitter. May be moving to CO within the next 2 years.
yea so whats up
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own. ~Doug Larson.
playing the lottery is like going to a strip club...it'll cost you a buck just to be teased. 50 mil, shittt I'm going in. haha
going to eat some crabs for dinner...be back later
I think it's a good time for a zombie apocalypse.
: I know! It makes me feel like a huge creeper.
where u watching the Caps game tonight?
#Angels have y'all been ignoring me ?
These are the Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph from the 2011 playoffs
Some people have no conscious at all...Smh ...
Thanks for speaking at our conference! We look forward to continuing our efforts on HBCU & PBI campuses to
The Goldbach Conjecture & the Universe of Primes examines the even-sum tables of natural numbers & prime numbers in proving the conjecture.
Rule #1 for #highfive- look at the elbow. Guaranteed #perfection every time!
some of it may be on YouTube. It was for the South Carolina Librarians Conference. It was printed in their journal methinks.
Heat game and Marlins game at the same time from Marlins Park. It's hard to concentrate with JJ struggling.
“: RT : If I don't fuck with u I don't fuck with the niggas u run with...#SimpleShit”
Tweet me a scenario and I will reply with a picture for example your dog was a unicorn & I'll reply with a
English teachers put more thought into a book than the author did
That's actually true, but doesn't tend to come up in all day faculty meetings.
I can't find u but u can txt me 850-525-8656
thanks bud, about time
Please see my answer on to: Motion to Quash - I marked your question to be placed in the La...
That would be so incredible if followed me ; but with all the tweets hes getting, i doubt he will. haha. (:
haha then where is everyone seeing it?!
TGIF & Happy Anniversary bud! Are you going to paint the town red tonight?
Last meeting of the day and it's at Crazy Mocha. Chai Latte in the spring sun? I can deal with that.
Regina: Ma'am, do you have this in the next size up? Saleslady: Sorry, we only carry sizes 1, 3, and 5. You could try Sears. Lmfao!
Watching wrestling documentaries with
where is that? Take me there
Wow...Westbrook is going at Kobe. He's fearless!
what's up with the ankles? Glad to help where I can.
Plz RT : Score face time with L.A. casting director Ty Harmon. When Saturday @ 10 a.m PST. How? Tweet me 4 easy details
The Summer Classic Dog Show Series will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Nice comparison and it's even accurate as lions take down gazelles. “: The Lions of Boston Take on the Gazelles of Philly
Fake Bacon should be a crime...
Yes, you're right Tony was one of the great actors of our time.
I am beyond exhausted
The hell does have tatted on his face now? is that the Quiksilver logo?
thanks! I'm excited!!
Please follow me.... I followed you! ;D
too cool.
Anyone know of an all natural #gummybears or #gummyworms? I would like some, but all have artificial colors & flavors.
DAMMIT!! Just read the rules. My daughter isn't 13. :o(
see I knew u wanted to skype u instanly gav yo screen name...
Hey #swprinceton, we're ready to help from the West Coast, tweet us, post on our forums or email
Appreciate the follows everyone
Is there a teen/young woman magazine for girls of color? I can't find one anywhere!
Irony: people who drive a Ford Focus that have no focus.
Using school email account on school time...perhaps, yes. As is probably the case in many other non-education jobs.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard
Rob Jamieson, outgoing #LPCO secretary did a great job introducing the Management Board at
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether me and my bestfriend.. I wouldn't be anywhere without her.
We usually archive a stream on our Ustream Channel and post slides/notes if available.
Austin Jr. and Sydney Jr. feel sad and neglected because you left us and went to GP.
and what can I exchange for a life boat? Lol
I'm too nice. sometimes so nice that people think I'm an asshole.
It's not always about fixing something broken, but sometimes it's about starting over and creating something better. Anonymous
Maybe it's another disease where I give personalities and fears to inanimate objects. Any psychiatric recommendations?
News sources: Woman being questioned in connection with death of young boy found in Maine. Breaking Details on 7News.
I'm in the A lets work
*Love* hearing my neighbors walk by and saying "Hi " to him in the window.
What do you do if the person your going to the game with says there going to be an hour late and you have his ticket?
deal :-) P.S. moving to Charlotte this wknd!!
At work
my love, you're one of the LUCKY ones to be actually working in the field you LOVE. :)
How could you push me right out of your world?
18. #Brewers 9 #Astros 6 | Homers are soaring / out of Miller Park tonight / like birds taking flight.
I think he will say yes!
ooh good idea re: chard. I'm not a huge fan of it, but have too much of it in my garden
Yowza, gna need a complete acoustic set-up aka find some new band members asap
watching jimmy kimmel and researching the Chicago Cheaters
A daughter is a treasure - and a cause of sleeplessness.
IFFLA slate of documentaries is awesome. www.indianfilmfestival.org
Remember that our friends at open tomorrow at their new location!!
I'm afraid to start playing again, last time I played a font think I slept for days lol
am wondering if i could meet up with you for project i would like to discuss? ilona
and here's 100
I haven't been on here in a looonnggg time o.O
I'm a neutral journalist, remember ;)
“: "That weave looks fabulous on you!" - Said by no one, ever.” lowkey reminded me of heather..
Learning about the move to McKinley - a see-through workspace instead of an atrium? Incredible!
I'd take a bullet for you, I'd stand beside you no matter what, but you're just pushing me away and all I wanna do is be there for you.
Im gonna build a wall of bacon to keep my haters out.
Listening to #wtfpod w/ #marcmaron life is good.
Just got done followin people
I pay for this and it froze my Wii 4 times in a row before I gave up. Shitty customer service too by the way.
°o° Location picked! has picked Hollywood Studios, now all we need is a spot in the park for your picture!
An outstanding dog owner puts their dog’s needs ahead of their own
it's the Mexican mothers day today. You're right on time.
To all my Twitter friends: Happy New Year!
what's your number? Me no have it ):
Yeah yeah I am the nerd watching the Lord of the rings marathon on encore .. super duper excited about upcoming Hobbit movies too :p
Not sold on West Coast for 2012..even Stanford is uncertain on mound and defensively
Fox News: bin Laden savagely murdered without trial by Obama.
prob won't work w/ your schedule, but if you can get to BGSU check out campus pollyeyes, amazing stuffed breadsticks
Green your next glass of wine by choosing local & organic wines which uses fewer chemicals than mainstream wines and preserve the...
So ready for Hilton Head Island, but sadly it won't happen for another 23 days. Yes, I'm counting :)
Thank you, Colonel!
If I'm VT, I take a hard look at him. Coached under Dean w/Roy at UNC. DIII titles. HS experience at Episcopal in NoVa.
yeah I know we used to talk every day
Hey it looks like & are talking about heading down there for lunch early next week!
Lol ok, I right witcha on this 1 man.
Going to the gym this week. Too cold to be outside.
EWE! I hope they catch him... Ugh! People these days...
2 Goals, Draw 1 Red, and injure 3 starters......That's opening a can of WHOOP ASS #sportingkc !
The journey out west begins.. about 6 hrs late but its all bueno
They say "Composting isn’t just garbage, it’s cool" .... but we say composting is hot! More great reporting from
I bet you still have the CD:)
MFAH has induced museum envy. Dell and others need to step up and build a truly world class museum in Austin by 2020.
william breathes loves to pair OJ will all mmj. What's your favorite drink?
On 4/29/80 John Osteen spoke , B/C of rain delay 32yrs to the day speaks today stadium
I love coconut! How well does it work?
Will you PLEASE help trend #staystrongryankennedy ? He's a 9 year old who's dream is to be known worldwide before he dies:/ He has cancer ):
There's too much kindness on my timeline right now. it's more interesting when everyone is bitching
why do #RedSox games take 4 hours??
Answer: Roast Beast (in Dr. Seuss's "How the Grinch Stole Christmas")
If there is no heaven or hell, then Jesus is a liar. And why would you serve a liar?
i followed them :)
Thanks V!
I'll bet you do
My nigga mentality >>>>
Great crowd #2012awards - amazing growing tech co's like TRX &
I am too, and I find that I care TOO MUCH what they think about me too!
Lovin' me some Deadmau5 right now.
If you care about keeping the valuables safe on your truck, RV or boat, you really need to learn more about this company:
follow me on instagram natalieeeerose_ i follow back :)
funny how paul hasn't gone down to the quizno's to actually pick up a sandwich, but has eaten two...
COLTON MARRY ME
Don't be a blueprint. Be an original.---- Roy Acuff
Reflective, and a little sad. Nothing else to say really..
class is back in session! excited to get to work.
except it is gambling. NCAA made a big deal about not doing brackets when you are a player in the past.
rally is not pulling back ... going back to 14k?
shot u a text to see when u wanted to meet up
Hoping the inquiries translate to sales. And I'm not talking about denim. :-).
RT ": It's staggering how few photos of "minimalist workspaces" include a person who's working REALLY fucking hard."
Well, any friend of is a crazy friend of mine. Welcome to the twitterverse.
you wanna meet him tomorrow
did just say "Spencer Hawes with a suntan"? is a national treasure
Tuesday is upon us once again. They are closing lots of main buildings here in Chacago on Saturday. NATO protesting weekend.
hey, you wanna collab?
That awkward moment when you're 5'8 and wear petite jeans.
#onceyougetmarried you cant look at other hot gujys...thtz why im not married...cuz im too young ehl -oh-ehl
Supt Deasy of testifying in support of SB 1530: "Simply put, the bill makes schools safer." How so?
happy hump day peeps dont hump too much! wait u can never hump too much lol oh yeah yeahh hump away!!!!!
hi. i just found ur twitter xD
The Chesapeake Center will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Did you know Uncle Sam has or will have between 25 and 45% stake in your qualified retirement fund? Talk to me about how I can help you!
Nothing much just watching college football. U?
heck yeah man thanks a lot. If you like new heights and ruins. You will love the rest of the stuff
THAAATS IT! Omg please though!
Wait! You should be using a STEINWAY piano, not a Yamaha!
yes Woof!
Prove everyone wrong.
:) Ya got a point there! Though that can be fun too, all depends, lol.
Hi all when you get a chance check out my world music project called Indigenous Souls... www.myspace.com/indigenoussouls
So bored and tired that I'm watching infomercials :/
Just saw this the other day. It's about to go viral I can feel it.
on a happier note, LET'S GO TO MILL MTN TOMORROW. cause i'll be home. and i want your face in my life.
The simple quiet moments in life can bring us so much if we allow ourselves to be present to them.
he's going to stay at home and you'll support the family?
Only if what you wear over is close to the knee. Spread the word! RT : can we wear leggings?
LADIES SPLASH IN TO COLOR WITH SPLASH TEE AND TANKS STARTING AT 7.99 NO THATS A DEAL
that was a beast for sure. Couldn't put it down once I started. It edged out Joes's by a narrow margin. Fries were good too.
im gonna attack you! #reunion #ivemissedmybestie <U+E418><U+E418><U+E418><U+E418>
Carmelo man u know what it is put him in that situation NCAA championship
Which insect didn't play well in goal ?The fumble bee !
It does in our book! ^SZ
Wonder if this means the Dancing with the Stars rumor is true?
Never doubt just perform to the best of your ability and help will follow or be a contact away.
HTML5 microdata pretty cool and easy to grasp semantic markup that search engines digest
you know what's funny.... has been running for prez for almost 8 years and he *just* defeated Rick Santorum.
Carolyn Campbell of the UK's QAA to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
Thanks for stopping in yesterday!
Watching parks and Rec season 1
This is the worst work day I have ever had. I am drowning. I need a new job like, yesterday.
You should really just stick to talking about Jesus, that's a far more important topic. God will redeem all sin.
And if death is not a sensation, but rather like sleep when a sleeper is not dreaming, death would be a marvelous profit-Socrates, Ap. 40c
Cool job! Chief #storytelling officer at
So really if the kid tries to get away do you pull tighter on the leash to say hey I'm the boss I'm the master?
Still working on a few. The majority is in.
"It just makes us heartbroken. to see that today, in the United States of America, justice is not the same for all" - Isaiah Simmons' Mother
Don't miss out!!! April 30th is the last day for the tax credit & Lake Bluff is MATCHING the credit to ANYONE! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Then its $120(:
2 weeks to ship. Rolling out more sprites than a vending machine.
what I really want to read is Pegasus 2 but since that isn't coming out until...2012? 2014? I need a substitute.
RT : What exactly is the #cloud anyway & how does it relate to GIS? @ a #WAURISA session w/ folks from presenting
4 more pages and a powerpoint...let me get off twitter
Need to prepare sources for groups to look at, thinking from nytimes and fox. Any feedback on this idea welcome!
Finished SOME work at Al's, went swimming with her &Tanners, &now with Ate Nika &my sistah. Good day but coming home to more work sucks.
Liking your own #Facebook Status is like giving yourself a high five in public
:) weeks, months... the way time flies they feel nearly the same. *wink*
Why do consumers still buy from commission-based retail sites? Find model # & purchase direct from brand. It's called competitive pricing!
This year is gonna be amazing, and you could tell Sophie about it
Don't miss session on Building Mobile Business at 10:30 am at today's
We're just as confused
I'll cut it for you!!!
Weather was great for 5 mile bike ride to work today.
My teenage mentee and I signed up for an 8-week improv class. TONIGHT is our grand finale show. at the Comedy Spot in Arlington, Va at 8 pm.
sonic youth. so good right now!
just 5 minutes with Cam will change your life. That's what it felt like watching the packers game. But I agree he might be special
“: If someone constantly makes you unhappy, then you must build up the courage to let that person go...”
THEN I saw the picture. Who woulda thought the 1st thing I EVER type on here would be completely stupid! hahaa
I think that I have given up on twitter..
#ARealGirlfriend isn't just there to wait on you hand and foot.
Excited for Ripley tomorrow night!
Happy Sunday everyone! What do you all have planned for this week?
Wondering why Daunt didn't feel that way about paper books and library lending. Maybe am not smart enough to understand?
I just saw some fine ass chick and when she smiled at me that bitch look like King Kong knocked her teeth out god dam O____o
Who's gonna win Spirit Award best feature tonight? 50/50, Beginners, Drive, Take Shelter, The Artist or Descendants?
Did anyone realize its ash wednesday?
nah bro its good:D
at my work...same place we had Maxs bday!!
Great idea for everyone. RT : Marnie Webb of : take an hour a day to publish what you know
Today's magic relationship word is APPRECIATE
Keyword Optimization: The Cure for Search Overload Syndrome
morning wake-up song: "In A Green Space"- Koushik
I can't wait to see Grammy makeup! I think Nicki will have the best! Who's with me!
thanks for coming and the gift man. it means alot to me.
RT Let's come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
F*ck Yeah is following me on both of his accounts
If this conversation leads to something bad, I'm going to be pretty shitty... #justsaying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders LOL
The greatest moments in our history have been when we've invested in our underdogs.
Real Housewives of New Jersey Jewish Edition: family reunion very shortly...who doesn't love barbeques & Jewish moms?
I am having a nice day and I love the new Ipod video camera it's really quite impressive for such a small device.
Will do. Very much looking forward to it.
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
OMG tweets from the womb! (via )
hit me with a dm mighty mouse
Said, Said. . . why are you awake? You're waiting for me to write something witty. I'm going to humor you any second, now. . .
#actorsloungelive cruel intentions
He has two Friday lunch shifts as final exams of sorts first. And he needs 's vote too.
#Circuital on repeat today <3 Thanks boys.
SHOUTOUT to eberybody go follow him!!!!! who ever follows him will get a follow back from me and maybe my followers! :) thanks!
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of children. -Jesse Torrey
You are officially entered! We will announce the winner in a couple of hours! Thanks!
Ok, I just jinxed the Packers. No more cocky posts.
Thanks for the support. It's very appreciated!
Hell yeah I love crazy ass tweets making me weak.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you are right. ~Henry Ford
Would have been nice to have all 11 B1G teams in a bowl game. No thanks to IU and Minnesota... ;)
seemed right up your alley!
I hope they do lay an egg against Iowa State.
Well, #newt not just lawyers but also any other school will tell you that what you're studying is the most important thing.
Now Amare could possibly miss the rest of the series because of cuts on his hand. UGH!
This is the most awkward car ride ever !
NFL Experience is amazing. Could spend hours here. Much of it in lines. But tons of fun.
Love the #cashcab segment on #30rock!!
Playing it safe , never gets you ahead
too tired to think
I remember 2011 like it was yesterday
Mario! What's the best PC laptop to buy for 1,400 (including the windows operating system) and where? Thanks!
Planning to major/minor in a foreign language? Info session about an amazing scholarship opportunity! Mon, Sep 19 @ 1 PM in Diffenbaugh 009
Center City Philadelphia Weather Beckons Lunch-Goers To Linger A While Longer
watching softball..makes me wanna throw my entire can in before a chick bums one off me after
Who are you?:)
i smell awesome, yup.
Secretary-General: "achieved the MDG target... improving the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers – 10 yrs in advance of... deadline"
Hot Peppers: The Newest Weapon Against Terrorism?
Technology & Solutions: RR Donnelley presenting Managing Complexity in a Cross-Media Supply Chain in the Carnagie in FIVE minutes
Had a haircut about a month ago. Probably need another soon....
YOU KNOW WHO HAZ SWAg my leather jacket that's rite
what's going on chef
Chapter 2012 85 of 366 The path is clear, it's time to move in quickly...no time for sleep nor slumber
I like a Flo Rida song? I should be put down.
Remember when they said that what we want could never be done? When it all comes falling down, we'll do what we want.
thanks for retweeting me to your 4 followers...
Solid pitches at tonight's pitch night w/
Oh, you know - supercool. How's the language study coming along?
Oh yeah, fair play
The RSVP due date isn't for another week or so and we already have 87% of them back. That has to be some kind of a miracle.
Kick off this summers festival season with Reclaiming Our Heritage Sat &Sun at Soldiers Home www.forohmilwaukee.org/Home_Page.php
I knows :3
omg lol, i love you.<3
RT Creative commons is the judo throw against copyright, David Wiley
cool thanks
Sadly, today will be the first time I attend a funeral service for someone younger than myself...praying that i can be strong for the family
yeeeaaaaaaaah buddy! With and
#NSHMBAU Looking forward to Salsa tonight!
Knock knock
this is my 5th time watching We Bought A Zoo and I can't get enough!! I love it!!<3
Hahah not yet but it's pretty sick
No more basketball. Hockey time! After 2, #Cornell 2, #michigan 1. Big Red pk kills 5 on 3. #ncaa #hockey on U
Call the Show Promoters before traveling
I'm just kidding BOOBEAR<3
Thanks for the follow
We are opening the offices at 10am today. Safety first.
Hiccups are the worst.
I left the envelope on the shelf above your desk
yep! And I just dowloadef the twit app too. Getting rid of the other one.
my mama won't let me go to your concert :( she said it's too long of a drive from Mississippi. And we're going to Georgia! :(
Comfy clothes week <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Need to check out boredtodeath - punching marshmallows are awesome
Morning tweets!! Have a wonderful day
You need to come to We (well, me) play the heck out of you!
#know12 Great discussion today with (Brian Lillie): looking forward to his keynote address tomorrow at Knowledge12.
I really wanna go too (:
My son was willing to sit in his stuff forever. My darling girl squeals like a pig as soon as she's the least bit wet or dirty.
It 99 degrees in Chi town
Neither did Accorsi but even he made moves a few times that worked out ok, example Eli Manning.
the only good riverdancer is a legless riverdancer.
offended half the staff with my "spunky old broads" display. changed broads to gals. any other #librarians have issues like this?
You guys look good on the big screen!
If a player prays after a great play, do they owe residuals to Tebow? Or does God get 10 percent?
oh yeah of course- that pic is old last year lol
I wanna go to Buzzard Billy's in Waco sometime. I haven't been there in 20 years.
Quit saying you're not perfect. You are IN CHRIST. And because He is PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE to God SO ARE YOU! 1 Jn 4:17; Mt 3:17)
Hi people I do not got these days because my computer blew
This is good to know! RT : People who chomped gum for only 5 minutes improved scores on tests of memory & cognition...
RT : buys plastic plants for campaign events at Michaels, on taxpayers dime
At The Sweat Spot watching dancers in awe. Amazeeeng. Music Video dance routine up next.... Yes.
and then sessions blows by him for an easy layup
“: In the DDS office about to hyperventilate already.” | You can do it!
That's exactly how I'm feeling. Why do crappy things have to happen?
Correction: CityLife piece to run on Dec. 15.
Hydration is key not only to performance but to body functioning in general, make sure you are hydrated daily and replace fluids lost!
Hit me Ill hit u back show love Ill show love back only get what u give if U ignore me Ill do the same Iwill not hold ur prob
Follow P.Goods
Are the 311 requests only received by tweet, or is system set up so that the 311 voice feed also show up as tweets? ala
I do things for a reason. Not to act cool or impress people.
We love those boys in Concepts :) Go show them some love <3
haha oh man what a tragic ending
Hate waking up mad
who have you contributed with?
damn you popcorn. you taste so delish but you make my stomach go crazy
Gold Card week ends on the 10th! Don't forget to come in and get your 20% off!
When college graduates talk to junior girls in highschool...
RT : Who wants to win some tickets to the Food Truck fest on Friday?! We've got a pair to give away...stay tuned!
quit complainin & do something about it !
Red is the go to color this fall! I am SO fashion forward. I've been a wearing red + purple for longer than I can remember! Plus B & W!
I'd like to know too! RT : Does anyone know what channel the VCU basketball game will air on tonight?
We want examples of your super meals. Let us know what your favorite nutrient packed meal or snack is!
Night everyone! I shoulda been asleep already got more tests in the morning :s
just sent over the pics!!! Check yo email!
thanks RT : Just did a custom yoga session and it's found by a friend's friend!
How do U not get a headache from trying to remember all your policy position flip-flops?
I wish i had a crew to audition with. But i cant wait to see who makes it
It's true. tho we don't have a "line" that all members must follow. we do, certainly, have an interpretive framework
thx Eric, glad to connect. I work with Jodee. Drop me note , 415-726-3036
grant park at the fountain
"#LOVE is all we need."
Next time go digital on those flashcards, Michael and leave yourself with 3+ hours to study. Good luck!
Bec from Stars In Stereo (one of the openers) is a Portland girl :) I think you'll like her.
I just followed you . . . Im one of the people in the iphone 4s giveaway youtube name: michalelanasia
just say "scoreboard" and walk out.
finally the #Pens are getting their heads in the game!!! LETS GO PENS!!!
We aren't in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, but we are in San Antonio setting up for the Concrete Decor Magazine Concrete Decor Show!
Alex and Aj here to say HAPPY TUESDAY!!!!
RT : It's much easier to maintain your integrity without compromise than to rebuild your integrity after you've compromised it.
thank you for reaching out. Love the service.
A "day off?" What's that?
If brevity be the soul of wit, I'd better decimate these #Artwiculate screeds into bytes digested easily.
thank you, thats so sweet lol
Looking like a great crowd for event tonight on exits.
You and me. Bestfriends forever<3
haha nuh uh! that's funny!
He mad the actress Lebron is getting all these calls. You would be mad too.
Thanks, David. So appreciated :)
#FF shoutout to -- the company that provides all my Social Media Strategies course readings. lol
we've been hiding this particular light under a bushel basket for too long. Let it shine!
[oops, thanked myself earlier:] thx for RT! and for ftw12 tweets! hope it's an awesome day!
Try our $5 made-from-scratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. daily. So good, so cheap.
Oh yeah!
Have a great Friday everyone! :)
I better
So your on DWTS! You should win easily, your athletic, dont weigh 250#, graceful & nice figure. Your a lock!
i'v never used an i-clicker. here goes my first time...
well I don't know who this "ziara" girl is Fer....hahahahahahaaaa Was that a typo? Anyway, yeah I told you I'm a good girl x)
Can Yuh Give Me A Shout Out Please! Look At My Tweets And You'll See Why(: I'll Give Yuh One Back(:
The Dave Begel "Nonsensical Blog Posting" Award for all of RRSMB's posts
Especially towards women!
oops, 11:36? What the hell? I was supposed to go for a run at 9. Damn.
The Computer Guy just landed another News Interview with WTHR (13 NBC) for the 5 o'clock broadcast this evening! Be sure to tune in!
I don't want to play draw something with you if you just write the word.
God fucking damn it.
Looking for healthy fish choices? Try wild Alaskan sockeye salmon, sardines and trout.
Nate hit Reece in the back of the head with a shovel and he is in the hospital
I was told that we had a leprechaun sighting in our house today.
i looked pretty til i went to visit cara. talking to her draws on my emotions so hard, my tears and snot ruined everything!
an honest politician
Apparently has more followers than me. This is unacceptable.
Fire? Oh Lawdy! RT : Somebody need to pull this firealarm... This lady tripping.
- Please also follow us - Pittsburgh
Thanks for the #FF & !
Calm down!
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
temple run is addictive!
it is very possible..
Wanna wish everyone a Happy Sweetest Day if you've got no one to love or think no one loves you *i love you* Happy Sweetest Day
Im pretty tired of this shit and wanna go home
Stressed the eff out man -___-
if all goes well, we'll work on most of the songs in the last batch next week. yay! soon! i can feel it!
he is a giant version of little Banchi at home. Dogs rule!
goodnight x
#Pettitte looks really good...like he never retired
it all depends on our pitching including our middle relief.
Let me know what you learn about SugarCRM. I last checked out Zoho vs SFDC and Zoho was weak. No Sugar for me recently.
If you could choose one who would you pick or
Almost all caught up from #Pheasantfest. Thanks for guidance of GunMitt from pros, outfitters & Guides!
Enjoy your brainstorm session! What is it that you do?
Plane crash I was in 22 yrs ago, the pilot was named Hurley. Hurley is my fav plane crash survivor character on Lost. Coincidence?
Going for a run. If I'm not back soon...wait longer.
i am in mistery. there ain't nobody who can comfort me. why won't you answer me? the silence is slowly killing me,
Seven Springs and Hidden Valley are nearby. Both are decent.
In one week will be our Memorial Day Picnic Our students will be performing on the main stage!
i want to see a pic of nialls bottom braces :)
One iced coffee is not enough today.
i really shouldn't put myself down so much.
#NFAIS 12% of Americans have no cell phone at all. Really? I know focus was supposed to be on the majority that have smartphones, but wow.
dat is nasty
Oh my God. What utter douchebaggery. <U+2192> They are serving wedding cake to celebrate their win in NC. Disgusting.
ikr it should b a decent summer considering alot of ppl will b 21 now
Key word there was "NEED".
Something awesome happened.
make ya way to the jungle fool
Good looking out, it was great! I wasn't sure what to get too RT : Have a pecan waffle for me please!
Yo sorry I haven't been on umm I've just been busy so if you have any Q just twitt me
yea i'll work on that...
#nuggets put up a good fight but couldn't pull it off #lakers 96-87 in game 7 of the
thx girly! We all need little reminders!
We do! RT : Who wants to hang out with me this afternoon.. Just had bbq chicken and 3 sides of beans from
Yep... just got bombed. But I'm not stupid enough to click that link. LOL
Watching Rashad get knocked out at Q's tonight. No cover....come all!
I see from this tweet syncing with iCloud is delayed. Can. Have more details? This is a must for me.
how u been
nyc was wonderful, happy spring! :) howve u been; tell me bout urself?
just wanted to say thank you SO much for your support of Cant wait to share version 2.0! We're working hard! Soon!
how much for 1 rib?! “: Cornbread. Ain't nothin wrong wit that “ There is no sex on the champagne room, none.””
what's on your #pubmedia roadmap for the next 6 months? how's it mesh with nat'l, local non-profits + communities, etc?
who I am and if you don't like me and think I'm a bitch, that's fine because there are plenty of people who love this bitch!
Omg! Isnt album going to come out in june or july! Omg im happy and excited :D
Chelsea has no choice but to sack Andre Villas-Boas after this, right?
My folks are staying at my house. It's strange to see them staring at laptops in the living room.
haha thanks bro. We tryin man
wow, this crowd looks really bored. Romney better start talking about how Obama uses teleprompters soon
Just got done doing sierra and kims hair
This weeks wt goal is 215. This is the lowest weight I have achieved in over two years. Got to do it.
That's how powerful mom's words are to kids, I've been pondering this choice hardcore for weeks! It made sense, I said "ok" & it was done
fight by speaking out, convince teachers, parents and students in your school. Join SOS Remember you're fighting for the kids
U know ur getting older when u get excited to open ur credit card bill to see how much lower it is. Lol :)
Hey. Were you the awesome guy who dropped off tons of duplicates at the master trading card table? If so, thanks a million!
Wish we could have had a little more support from the school faculty/staff and Students
Locally produced Natural by Nature Whipped Cream - antibiotic & growth hormone FREE! In stock for that locally sourced Thanksgiving feast.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
hahah for life<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I'm going to miss you Becca..
Boots for President?
Here we go Boom Boom David Murphy tie game!!!
Get your own damn dippin dots.
"The future has a way of arriving unannounced." George Will
RT ": Congrats, Boston Garden crowd, for setting the record for largest Miami Heat home crowd impression"
I've lived here in Vegas 23 years and I love this town, too.
RT Has Kurt said WHY all of these bots are scraping them? Curious. #clareity [How many hit Zillow?]
No matter what you ALWAY TIP.
shall i do this deed
Many valuable #usecases are showing up everywhere. What are tools for documenting them? indexing them? tracking them?
Maybe I can help?
How am i fully awake right now
The Food Drive w/ the Ice Rays is today from 5-8PM @ the Yardarm Apartments in Calallen, 10660 Leopard. Please bring 3 cans of food. Thanks!
We've got an extra ticket for the Brewster Kahle / Long Now event tonight at 7pm at Fort Mason in SF. First one to reply gets it.
Teaching 42nd Parallel today: happily finding it contains almost everything I want this modernism and new media seminar to cover
LOVE UR TWEET HAHAHA AND JUSTIN!!!
Like, I've never met a set of labia I *didn't* like. In fact, I always wanted to meet more of them, have a chat, get to know 'em better.
It is so nice outside <3
evidently tumblr was down last night. i didn't notice. andrea and i were kicking it old school, kitten videos on youtube.
Product B from Isagenix is on the market! Aid your body against aging, learn more at www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
RT Still waiting on one of you assholes to explain the Easter Bunny to me.
Dang i feel as if im moving out!
day 4 on coldwood. pretty easy day foe me, just one short sce. tomorrow a diff storey!
thanks! Hope you have a great week..
Outer - SLOW from University to Georgia
San Antonio: The next 7-8 days will be cloudy, humid, breezy, few showers. Today: AM Drizzle, P/Cloudy, Few Aft. Shwrs
Sounds like you have heard that Obey isn't interested, too, right?
Ok, just said something great about the Orioles and has crowd in his pocket.
Wow, I love how I'm no longer good enough for you to talk to now you've started talking to someone else
you in LA?
#prowrestling #WWE the one and only Wrestling Classic was held on this day in Chicago in 1985. Won by JYD!
yep it say dip dip dip dip splash <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
um...i mean no...let me see if I can upload it
Well come on then! lol. D.C. has a ton of Masonic/OES oriented stuff to see.
have you tried to mimic any of the LA accents you've heard yet?
glad you caught me, Mark. It is at the Tampa Convention Center. The breakfast buffet opens at 6:30 am. Program starts tat 7.
We'll be working on new songs tonight
Do you follow professional basketball? Kobe could pull a Last Boy Scout and still be in the game.
To erase shadow mistakes w/o ruining your makeup: dip a cotton swab in concealer, then skim it over the skin.
Morning :o)
Its almost impossible to believe that 2 days ago there was 2 inches of snow on the ground. Gorgeous day out today!
Comes up more frequently than Spassky-Fischer.
Welcome Back
Im to old to be hangingg at the playy ground.
Great weekend! Saturday I spoke in Waco at a event! Shared my Freedom Flight story w/ a wonderful crowd of young golfers!
cocoa beach!
"Normal" people don't watch one episode...responsible people, MAYBE
still... sorry to hear that mate... :/
Is it bad that I really hate Ms. Guerra
Has anyone seen the amazing movie called Courageous? Such an amazing and wonderful message! Let us know your thoughts!
Make sure you get child support from him. He's gotta have some money.
If I change my style I wouldn't be me...
Me, mindless!? (Looks at this alt. Account) *scratches head* Since when? - aka Auntie Kristen
thanks and yeah i do, it says your offline
Finally those papers came in!!! *Azontos down TL* Lol!!!
Lol I look like today
Im waiting for them to invent virtuel weights, so you can add yr weight digitaly to yr bar
Cost of phone + data service is significant barrier.
Proud supporter of - Can't wait for the season to start!
PWEAZE COOL COME ON BEFORE I HARRAS U
Im not tired. Time doesnt phase me. This is when i needSomebody to stay up as long as mee.
Ugh. I'm really getting sick of all the politicalness on facebook and twitter. Time to start hiding and in following.
Jay Giesen from Brunner discussing the Digital Revolution.
I like the idea of Brandon Lloyd reuniting with Josh McDaniels. Maybe Eddie Royal will come too. Definitely need long threat!
In TexASS, we always bring it!
Old School. Vince Vaughn
yeah, grew up on wfan. i prayed to the holy lord tebow last year for a better qb and... i'd say He smote me.
ready...i have a gift i need to buy and somehow hide...lol
#cnndialogues there is a double standard in Bahrain...not enough attention paid to them....
#AGuyShould know how to drive a stick shift. After all, it is called a MANual.
it was a snap decision.we put in the order about 2 mins before closing. I think we would have all lost. dogzilla on me next time
les go
I'm sorry Bree!!! but I'm soaking the pants in shout... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Walk away 4rm it with a pain in Ur Heart-knowing U did the right thing. Rather than stay with the pain & regret not leaving.
Well, sticking your dick up your own ass is pretty impossible..
is speaking now
Ringing in the ears.
i think im seeing it at 930..neshaminy..party time. excellent.
love ya too mamacita :-)
Would like to more about who's behind - Am interested, but reluctant to do so not knowing who you are.
PHOTOS: Functional Decor Made From Natural Fibers - Huffington Post
Wow I didn't know how hard it would be to get noticed by /: this is really depressing I doubt it's ever going to happen....
T. Swift marry me
Just finished a great session about using iPads for library instruction. Now in one on Team Based Learning. Great morning!
Snooki is engaged... lotsssssssssssssssssssssa ladies are feeling depressed right about now
Aww, we miss working for you, too, Ann.
Definitely appreciate it! I need some guidance.
good ruling on dip: very nasty, gl tid #nov9sause shipped
Hi. My #maryland and #Dolphins suck so I have to hate on everyone else
Just got off stage and did my piece - I KILLED IT!!!!
Keep helping us out and answer the few questions we have on our Wall. We'll have some official news soon!
Is this the follow up to Beef Week?
More than one of every ten Americans suffer from chronic, disabling conditions that cause limitations and decreased quality of life.
Good. Unecessary for us to break fellowship with him then...but keep your eye on him.
Reading a book about the trends in swimwear fashion during the last century, and how it affects what we wear on the beach today.
One complaint of brutality, inappropriate arrest, legal observer and reporter arrested, but went smoother than last night
Just Ah Regular Ass Hood Bitch!
Here goes that Boston Bullshhhhh!! Turner shouldve slammed KG on his fuxing head!
Thursday here we come!
And I wonder if that has something to do with him being in WV.
Looking forward to presenting the Global Inspiration Collection with the team at the International Beauty Show in New York
Oh you again, my beloved...I'm still waiting to have you...
Can't remember if you saw three eps or not, but I have a feeling the second will not swivel that 90% around.
Hanging out with jade the best neighbor ever, arizona tea and watching mysteries = awesome saturday :)
a tweeter tweets to tweeps
so full. so sleepy. Pretty Womans on tho...
nascar racing at phoenix :) lets do good in practice and hope kevin harvick look strong and hope to win race! go
Just found my hand in another Clorox commercial! Yes!!
How do you think Penn State Football will do in their bowl game?
Tired Of Never Being Satisfied . Show Me Something Different.
Picker Sisters is a FLUKE! Dressed like they're going clubbing! Everything is out in the open and staged! Beef cake at the shop is a tool!
No thank you :) RT Thanks for connecting
Really wish I could be fishing right now, or on the lake somewhere. Possibilities are endless too bad I'm stuck at work.
It worked! I got through the rough patch! (Of course I don't have any cookies left...)
i miss u so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
no problem cutie :-)
What was it?!
Haleo is the new luau dinner & show each Monday evening. Hope you'll join us soon!
Let's go over the final review but I'm not going to show you how to work it out. Okay ms roe.
Bye Davy...thanks for all the fun...hope to see you again...you will be missed...cv
Doing the final testing of a new responsive site today. Saved the best for last: IE8. /s
Ditto. Best time of year. Regardless of race or religion.
Who says they don't? RT : Y do young ppl 2day give no consideration to #STD,#unwantedpregnancy, or#consequences be4 bed hopping?
what the fuck is wrong with our counntry c: lol. because of me.
Hey krbe, when is todays giveaway of the ipad?
i cant study for it
"The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results." -James Dean. HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
Social night sounds fun! We're excited to feature PRSSA in a MyCSU video!
yes Pappy then you can show us poor fans your best cover in that super cool plane :D How about a contest for the gang?
Number 8 is on the way
I'm taking another little break from social media. 'Bye for now!
Just call them, they should refund the fee. Crazy though.
Life is being on the wire, everything else is just waiting.
launches new website! Looking forward to working more closely with and
If you have a twitter you know everything.
RT "We only have 1 life. We gotta MAKE it happen, and not wait for it to happen!"
Orlando Florida kid, but I go back to Vegas every few months
"Today's my golden birthday!" "Oh, well, in that case..." *pulls down pants*
Been a busy little bee! How is you?
I'm checkin it out now actually...was listening to tattoos on this town for the Jason Aldean contest....not bad man!
what happened i am good friends with the dad mike
why do we have to be the "really emergency back up plan" for problem landings ... not the first time ...
Lmao me to. Why yo cellphone go automically to voicemail.
- R.I.P Tommy H. Youu will be missed
ha! I just #cant deal with you.
You are the only you you can be. Without you, there is no you.
Hi Susan - I love your Twitter background. Very eye-catching. Did you design it yourself?
"I want to win the handbag #giveaway from ! Follow & RT to win!”
Congratulations to who WON the CTK HERO Award! It's Official! Thank you from City Hearts to everyone who voted!
Hi Melanie! Great meeting you on the One Love Cruise! Thank you for the interview! I am posting our pic together. Blessings..
RT BiancaMPrieto: A survey crew found the remains Monday afternoon. Police say its a male and no foul play. Bones being collected.
Learned during #wbnamerica: let them see what you're offering. know your book. saying "it's one of the best books i've ever read" helps.
Thanks to all the writers who contributed to our #Bruins coverage this year. Nothing but great work throughout the season!
Getting up for work on my bday really sucks but I can't wait for tonight !:)
I know your lumps your lumps your lady lumps u told me about xD
thanks for making my night better!!!
- dude how's it going?
Thank you Randy, Jay & Cindy of for dinner this week in Sarasota with !
#ThingsICantStand when My mother won't stop screaming xD
Its a matter of time before we all run out, but when i thought he was mine she caught him by the mouth!
I'm seriously going to hit someone
IF THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT IT BABY
My pleasure, Sarah. Best of luck in all your endeavors. Hope to see you when I return to Egypt.
#icantwaitfor this weekend!
They didn't mention it until halfway though. It would have been nice of Jordyn that's all. Not worth arguing on twitter.
...they offer exit row seating and extra leg-room seats; even first class, but I can't find the "sit next to a hottie" option :(
From Natural Hair to Extensions to braids, you are covered! There is something for everyone in the Valentine's Day Specials "JUST FOR...
hahaha bro im bout to get big
#ILovePeopleThat tell the truth from jump. No BS, no games.
Just walked by on Nebraska rockin the signature suit and bow tie, smoking a cigar.
Can I get to Mt Washington via downtown by way of 83s?
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Already RT : shot I feel that!
Gin tasting? I'm on my way! RT : How I'm prepping for today's gin tasting with : 2 Gray's Papaya dogs.
I had one of those today watching E run around the house I grew up in.
"The conundrum presented by popularity is that it has the power to shame music into being uncool."
Already SO over all of this studying!
You are a ninja, but your laptop battery isn't. Take care of it to have longer last time.
lol you could have told me ;D jk
“ Less than 24 hours till tailgating and couch-burning...”
Single sucks. Period.
followed back!
and I text right back right?
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Open a bank, give poor people million $ houses, then when they can't pay, demand the gov give you 800 billion.
You can't spell "mediate" without "team".
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
Im the night boss now!!
I strongly dislike Ron Artest! Worldpeace my ass
#DD9 is rocking! I've heard tons of great feedback from dealers! The are here and is great!
Hells Angels to MTV Star Rob Dyrdek -- You JACKED Our Death Head Logo
of course!
RT : Happy National Travel & Tourism Week! What will you do special with this week?
Rewarding those who teach with new media allows for innovation.
I hate not being able to sleep!
Glad to hear that! Happy Mothers Day!
Oh, btw Good morning Loves <3
S/O to my new followers:
I guess . wasn't kidding when she said she was.going to cut somebody
Going out tonight with my friends.. Yippie... (^.^)
Many massage therapists work from their homes. If you are uncomfortable going to a private home the 1st time, take someone with you.
Big show and autograph session today!
haha. That was tweet able ;)
get me some skittles please!! :)
Nope, they came in and offered free food and coffee. It was awesome!
Last day at Hamline.
damnn girl. I Just Liked his Status; its not like i fuckin asked him for a Kiss.
Busy summer I have. Atlanta in June, Ohio in July, Atlanta in August, Los Angeles in August. And I'm just getting started!
What's with and the girls? They didn't act like they loved so much when she was alive.
Do you tweet? Follow us on Twitter!
Yeah their my go to snack haha
For those asking, we don't have the video of Riverside / King fight and not sure whether it was crowd related or team related.
Mhm i love you too -___-
what the bearded clam thing? helps me problem solve too.
Thanks for following! Nice meeting you! Check out and post pics of your band on their FB page.
Whats good Free!!
But the U.S. DOJ should be investigating & heads should roll.
Fire extinguished. My train is moving again. Have a great day.
Looks like fun! RT Join us at 6PM @ The Robinson Theater for Drumming, Theater & Dance by young people in our fall '10 programs
Today TFG will be conducting our first interview with Image 1st Miami! Wish us luck & stay tuned for the final product! BTW, Happy NYE!
Best of luck to the best closer in the history of the game. And that's from a Tigers fan. Rivera is all class.
it's off to our gym, Duke Roufus MMA Academy, for weigh-ins & physicals for tomorrow's Gladiators show. 50 MMA fighters in 2 hours!
welcome back!
Whether it's Follow Friday or Aloha Friday, looks like a great resource for #windowsphone and #kiddori users.
It is o'clock too early on a Saturday and I am at a HAm Radio event in Marietta after 3.5 hours sleep. Shit.
North shore mall,
GEORGE HILL CALLED A FUCKING TIMEOUT!!!
you must have played the whites.
small but real greenbacks going well since years start-You?
For all u East End folks (Hamptons) - Pickup So Close to You by Rachel Carter set in Montauk
that's why u the man b
“: One lucky punter backed Jelavic 1st scorer and 4-4 final score yesterday! Was it you? Just the 4000/1 shot! #betoftheseason”
sorry for spamming your timelines (no i'm not it's your own fault for following me lol)
We're deciding movie time tonight. It'll probably be post- happy hour.
Last chance, Mel! ' Buick Enclave leaves at 0900 due west!
Watching lion king first period.. I don't mind
thanks for the tip..!
Milwaukee's Hardest Trivia hits at 8. Plenty of specials to soothe the pain.
oh yeah have fun at ur graduation ( watch u meet a really hot guy there)
Do you think the #Bucks will have more of their own fans in the stands when they play the #Bulls now that they have Monta Ellis? Avg tix $46
Another Out-Of-Homer here. Thank you for your research.
so yeah I'm fucked at this party about to get arrested.
Here we go here we go again
Well said! RT : It’s not so much about finding opportunities as it is about creating them.
Looked up the 2 books you mentioned. Pat Conroy's My Reading Life looks like one I'd enjoy. May try to read it soon.
I wanna go to red lobster tonight!
You are so right, those academy folks are a little off this year.
WELL PLAYED! #Burritilla #OrSomething RT : quesadilla opened up and made into a burrito
You are healed when you can say to yourself, <U+0093>I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.<U+0094>
me too. that's why i would love to see Bryce's face when Pascual Perez does the smoking gun finger thing after a strike out.
the one i have is 4 years and almost 5 months old..yes and it still works, I got it right when they first came out :)
Holy crap, makes some tasty salsa.
I'm loving this rain right now.
I'm really not much of a bagel eater anymore, but oh -- that smell! Divine! I miss my oatmeal like crazy, though.
Just got back from the local green home business meeting. Helping with web presence.
Question, Do you play any other games besides COD?
'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Stunts, Effects And Other Secrets Revealed!
I learned from this that I'm pretty sure I need a Chiweenie.
haha that was you and your dad? Hilarious.
They will say "Sorry," and "Thank You."
Running on fumes???
I just love eating 5 tacos... Feel like a fat ass
She Want Get Wet For You! But For Me She Swimmin' Pool!
Lol. Big Show gave Cody a taste of his own medicine :D
Omg guise~
Haha whataya think of the finale?
next week.
Monroe what's up??
#Doyouthinkitsweird That people talk so much BS bout you, When they only thing they know bout you is your name??
Wow! Sorry to hear that! Get better soon. =)
Awesome. RT : Hey! We're going the be at this year serving v60 and iced coffees.
some solid investments
Good luck to the best desk neighbor I ever had!
Love you J! Hope you had a great NYE! Miss you
Specials today! Tasty Hungarian Sausage for $5 bones. Oatmeal & Brown Suga Blondies. 2qtr lb Polish Beef or Regular Beef for $6 bones.
Check out Rewind.me app just released ahead of 4sq day! Awesome way to play with your history and benefit
back from detention.-___-
RT : people who put pictures of themselves kissing on the internet make me sick
Haha just pointed my home phone at the tv to turn it off.
Trying to migrate a legacy SVN repot to GIT when it has a lot of modified binary files is a big pile of sad.
The recording studio is my Galaxy the stage is my universe.
2011 in Review-2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2 off bway shows, great coach
Hmm, those papers look familiar. ;)
On this productivity grind
I'm that guy in the park with sunglasses and a long black case.
Tebow will have to prove himself in camp next year. So basically, it's over for him. Probably. Actually, for sure. He's getting traded.
Would love to. Definitely let me know when you guys are in town!
Amen, Brother. RT : Kale (which I and love) would not be my last meal. I'm thinking cheeseburger, pecan pie
Signs you probably should stop stealing: you get thrown out by Kurt Suzuki.
RT: Majority of Americans: Please raise taxes on billionaires. Congress: Herp derp screw the middle class! Majority
b dazzle
Everybody follow!
#100thingsilove my man
I see you have the same profession as me
Those late night talks where we talk to each other about everything.. > >
i think im getting sick
RT : Don't assume you're the customer. You're not. They are. Show early, Show often. Test your content
Percy must be feeling well.
Im very conscientious about my aging process. Therefore, in order to avoid laugh lines I will start saying LOL instead of actually laughing
This is all assuming of course that when the Bat-Wedding happened we would have a child... then we would HAVE to die.
Not sure what you mean. Sorry! ^BPS
L!VE Recording Tonight || Summer Breeze Concert Series || Takoma Station || Tweet For Complimentary admission
Our happy hour just ended, but our sister bar has it going on until 8:00PM
get money
I could do this forever...
I'm sold!
Good morning world
so with it. U guys got the kkb spot out there?
At the Thurs., & were defeated. Next week, , & Leander Paes return
All because I dnt wanna go with her!
much appreciated. New pastas coming this week! Maybe we can trump the ramp fettucini!
Ours is a love hate relationship. Right now? I hate you.
Thanks for helping us reach 1,700 Twitter followers!
great - we are outside waiting for a table. Will say hi when we get in!
Mj's version of Dirty Diana >>>
You need to call shotgun not changing that diaper RIGHT NOW.
I like all of your pics and my friend does to lol!<U+E405>
new icon :)
"I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. " ~ A. Einstein
Tomorrow is the big day...!!!!!
A little blue bird is exploiting your personal lives. Careful what you tweet ;)
If you are a service provider or homeowner, follow us!
Been listening to you guys all night, simply beautiful and
I'd go between 7-8 depending on current season and if your cheeks are rosey red too..
I am at black sheep austin tx watch a match and downing lone stars for a dollar!!!
thanks for the hug! For more NYC-specific donation help, I'm your gal!
I don't wanna be around people today
Happy Birthday Have A Good One <21
Thanks For Showing Mee Some LOVE And Retweeting Mee..
Summer is coming - better Disco! 8am Wednesdays
You guys seriously have no clue how much I miss you :(
I guess you haven't hit maximum geekdom...until today! Congrats! :)
: not going to miss #endgen2011. It just takes some mental prep to prepare...
i ain't gon be no crazy fangirl and send death threats but
Watching the procession of Teddy Kennedy..may he find peace joining hs siblings he lost so young...
editing is going great...@ the TRIANGLE
I no
; you will see some results when you put that ass on papers & it will make you feel better .. don't let it get to you though
drshow: Tendency is all these ?s is to attribute all recent social probs as if history is stopped offline.
Hooray for spring break, spring cleaning and spring planting
I hate those people that just don't get the silent treatment. Ever think I'm not replying to you for a reason?
had a dream I used a bums rear end as a wallet. My subconscious is letting me know I should pinch more pennies. . . Or I have a bum fetish
waving signs busy day
Lots of people ask me for advice. I've realized that my answer is nearly always some derivative of "Fuck it, do your thing"
You're playing yourself. They know you ain't no good - you tryna cash in when they make it big, but they will drop you before they hit!
4a Min I will Tweet like when it was Me .. V.. , B, C, Dee ... IsisP, Mental O, B4 4 Hella folks went Cray, turned into Twitter Thugs & such
THE DECISION: YALE (I HAD MY MONEY ON UTA).
thanks I'm checking them out now
Best thing bout twitter is even people seem to hate u....twitter doesnt and still sends me info on all my fav. Peeps!! :-)
$10k would help us research huge spike in birth defects & infant mortality in Iraq during/after war.
If your earrings are also a necklace, you're doing it wrong. Stop looking like trash, people of Boulder.
Apricot Ale curd.... oh yea it's happening right now!
oh my god?! really! what are you ordering them ?
&& come out tonight! westside pie!!!! #wastedattire!
cheer up dude! Let's FaceTime her later!
All these kids have a license to drive? B-town is effed up, yo.
are you sure? I thought it was but she walked right past Dogtown...
It had been 16 years since I last saw Bush. They only got better. Place was sold out.
#INDABA2012 is at the #Durban ICC; weather is beautiful rt now as well. :)
Don't buy goat meat ;) RT : Went to the farmers market and bought goat meat......any suggestions?
Thanks for the ToTD.
Huntsman: Political parties die out because they lose momentum
if I sleep next class it won't take as long(:
The comm dept. cannot get organized if our life depended on it
Their account is funny. So I guess I will root for them.
Nude Madonna photo from Steven Meisel's Sex sessions up for sale - Fox News
Tonight I'm on my bay shit. Bout to be on this silly shit. Find a yung cutie and maybe toy with his feeling a bit.
I agree! The 8's are sick
Ha Ha came at my neck! RT " yo this chick going in homie #AintGotNoRespect"
You have more dick in your personality than in your pants.
Where you going aapl
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf - Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf (live updates)
Just got the new emoji<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00BC><U+2620><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0093>
your niece.
is putting makeup on her FOUR YEAR OLDS!!!!! WTF?! She is such a CF.
Same here. I'm more concerned about the #Rays series after.
Good morning family! Today the Father's decree for you is to walk out destiny and execute purpose! Praying for you all!
its not that late pretty face
i had fun doe .
Or trying on all of your jeans u havent worn since winter & strugglimg to get them on <<<<<<<<<<<
Enjoyable & productive City Club of Buckhead brd mtg this morning...#executive coaching the rest of the day.
EJ manuel, sir, you are fun to watch
thanks babe :)
LMFAO you stupid! What you doing for memorial day weekend?
who are you again? And why do you tweet at me?
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be. -Adlai E. Stevenson
Hilltop Hoods - The Underground Feat Classified amp Solo Drinking From The Sun - trolleys old
. Haha, have never been to Fry's but it sounds like a certain Best Buy location I try to avoid.
Nvm my ppls on they way. (:
Thanks, guys! I work at The Sound Emporium on Belmont Blvd, maybe we could grab some PM one afternoon?
lol when have you ever texted me ? I don't even have your number !
Can't believe The guys on Mike and Mike are rationalizing the bounty system the Saints had and they think it's part of the game
Lizbeth, was that a hint?
can you send me the pictures?
Tonight 6pm @ Culbreth Theater: Engaging the Mind features 3 UVa professors discussing Civil Rights, Women’s Rights and Human Rights.
This stupid bipolar Florida weather....
I'm not gonna.. its alright. No naggy customers.. get payd more. I can actually do overtime. Lol its prettt chilld.
Three more finals to go #summer is approaching:)
ice on our street...we are in 38119 by Hutchison and Lausanne. What about Lausanne??? Open? Closed? Thanks!
At the Green Bay Polar Plunge 2day.Ready 2 jump (again) 4 Team
wow lol how are you
thank you <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I just gave the maintenance guy a Reese's. It's called selflessness. Or disgust with peanut butter, whichever way you want to look at it.
Holy shit you guys, I feel SO HAPPY right now. It's weird, and awesome.
I'm tired af.
Nicki Minaj In The By My Side Video Tho !
Oh please
I love Pubcats!
oh ok. Thanks!
Just had a pulled pork sandwich, could go for a smoke*
Anyone want to grab lunch on campus?!
he's so stupid but I guess he's getting it in and that's all that matters, she's probably a beast in bed too hahaha
good test tonite in h town
I believe your rite
I hope you and can stop in for a mimosa on Thanksgiving around 11. Take care.
Love Mint, thanks for the heads up on this Pat...
Trying to get to follow me is kind of a joke but kind of serious & it's all Dadaism in real life
Ur da best. Just saw this. Slacking on my "tweet game", been working on my "creep game". S/O to and
Special mother's day gift from my family... 1 day off! Daddy and girls planned the whole day and executed it...priceless.
Pardon me? I have no idea why I was supposed to be trying to impress you....(I am #3stepsback) in the first place?
Writing social media guidelines w/out stifling free speech, a new #UMBCsocial session from Look forward to meeting you, Lindsay!
Setting up for success!
actual fire?
Hi Kathleen, do you know if tomorrow's genomics forum will be recorded?
aww hell yeah man, if were not out in colorado enjoying the powder
USC Dean of Law, Elyn Saks to receive Inspirational Person of the Year Award at the NAMI San Diego dinner on Oct 2nd, www.namisandiego.org
"charlie was engaged in a coke and hooker rampage..." Entertainment Tonight -- Nice!
Funny...Mark Sanchez is trending because of Tim Tebow
if you didn't live lightyears away id find some really cute way to ask you to prom
It totally isn't! Both my mom and I get them. Carbonated drinks, too, but that one seems obvious.
Marina talks about training herself for endurance and focus.
no problem :) neighborly love
as a Central NY native, I recommend you grab lunch at Dinosaur BBQ. #1 BBQ in America
"Thanks for your quiet competence. You are a thinker. You be da bomb." Thank you card from my chief medical officer made my night. :)
That's the total released by MDA.
A magazine once accidentally published a photo of Victoria Justice thinking she was Nina *Dies*
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
It's time to stop "shoulding" all over ourselves and live the lives we are meant to be living. No more "I Should" - let's "I Will"..
I've used this form for a proposal that will produce software as a "digital product" & believe it covers data also
THANKS! and if we're the yardstick then my penis is 3-feet long
I read Nikky Finney's "Head Off & Split" to kick off National #Poetry Month: "Careful to the very end what you deny, dismiss & cut away."
& #AlexAndRobertTweetTweet I love you guys<3
fuck this game
#THATSHOULDBEME in you're dreams
Stuck at the mall once again. You'd thin that when someone messes up your car they'd be more apologetic..
Crazy how so many girls out there are two faced
Well the kitten really looked like a rat! Sorry neighbor didnt mean to hurt your feelings.
It's a beautiful sunny afternoon to stop along Avenue of the Fountains this afternoon for the Art on the Avenue and Farmers Market...
Omg 4 minutes!!!
got the phone back. no facebook for awhile,
Made the cauliflower soup with panchetta today. LOVE IT, girl you awesome!!!!
Realignment. Some need a Chiropractor. I just need Coachella.
Beautiful new tile introductions at Ann Sacks at
Excellent book. It will make you want to refactor everything: your code, your closets, you name it. :)
If you wanna have a bad habit, fine. But pay your bills! Ugh!! That is all.
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Ah, once again, the Government steals another hour from us...when will we get it back this year? Time to move to Arizona...
Sauli took his sunglasses off and we got to see his beautiful eyes
Fck all you cheap ass black people that go out to eat at restaurants and tip only $5 or less than 18% on any amount over $30. Bastards.
Good morning! "Talent is never enough"! From a New Balance T-shirt at the gym! Have a successful day!
Kohls shopping without my bestie just isn't the same!
Life is unfair....
I pray your mother gets better...:)
My wife and I prefer riding the bus or subway together simply because we get an automatic partner + can watch out for each other. Not today.
Armchair quarterback. RT : What position do you play Greg?
exactly! That's EXACTLY how I feel! Like yeah fanny packs really good and all but the other crews are just better. And -
Listening to the Adobe team share their social media best practices. Fascinating! Time for some case studies
Omg Tbffl. Im right here, and ive missed you! ):
HOW IS THE SOUND QUALITY LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE
yes, that's good :)
It is CRAZY hot in NYC today! 105 degrees
each NBA player is his OWN business but its the Olympics and its for USA and they have the right to NOT play stay home shut up
Are Lakers fans finally realizing your team has no chance to win? ;) you should start haha
We aren't Rhee. Who are you?
Not only did some bitch fuck up my sales wit a return, the bag she gave me had her dirty ass underwear in it. Im gettin drunk.
you ain't lyin. Kobe's fg% is terrible but, at the line he guaranteed
Not as good as Sweet Caroline #myfav RT Why do ya build me up? Buttercup, baby just to let me down & mess me arrrrrrrounddddd
Yay! Can't wait to go to tonight with the ladies!
Haha! You have penis goggles!
Oh..we got paid huh? YAY! that always helps. hahaha.
Ryan reminds of an older version of Robert.
happy birthday sweetie
yes...yes I would. Tyson is a boxer and I'd rather be in the octagon but I never turn down a fight...
no I don't! With this kids look he'll be having sex in less than 10 years!!! I'm scared! LOL
Morning Cartoons
on what subject?
if you smoke crack, then you'll totally get Britney Spears' new video!
RT Mr. President, why can we have fifty state policies on marriage but one Washington-managed national health care system?
fa la la
Ali Fedotowsky: Why Bachelorette's Jef Is a Perfect Match for Emily Maynard
#Santorum: Only difference between fetus and u is time! God to Santorum: Only difference between u and a dead corpse is time.
just another monday..... mondays suck.
Dage said earlier that he was the Drone who sprayed the camera, so I'm sure he knows about Nulgath's betrayal.
I need your Help right now ! I can't follow anymore because I need more followers ! PLZ Help me ! Tell to your followers to follow me PLZ !
Doesnt even phase me, keep trying
thanks and alrightttyy(:
'If she’s amazing,she wont be easy If she’s easy,she wont be amazing If she’s worth it,You wont give up If you give up,you’re not worth it'
On my 6th coffee today. This does not bode well....
Thank YOU for doing the story. Please let us know if/when the ashes are found so we can update. Thanks!
Pissed the f**k and tired, with no one to blame but myself. UHG!
Our guest today is Derek Daly, Hall of Fame race car driver and voice of motor sports. Correlation to business success? You bet!!
my mom told me that my migranes will go away if i have a baby wtf no mom
just spent the last thirty minutes of my internship looking at website and Texts from Hilary blog.
At schools, every student gets a bookmark whether they bought a book or not. I never want a child to feel left out.
1st basketball game today:)
#dilemma! RT : fuck my lube at???
Afternoon fun | 1 - Open Google Maps (directions), 2 - Type China as starting point 3 - Type Taiwan as destination, 4 - Read step 48
We think fast food is equivalent to pornography, nutritionally speaking.
God I don't have to see you, I know that you're there :)
LOVE it-ELIminated Ha HA HA Did Giselle see it?
. And these employees are the most powerless - non-unionized women (housekeepers in hotels, jeez)
RIP Mitchell Guist
What I don't get is how can someone call someone else ugly? Everyone is beautiful in their own way, inside and out.
In Fitchburg City Council District 2 Seat 4 race, Patrick Stern and Darren Stucker advance.
5 ppl in a king size bed
Will definitely be asking for licenses to start with definitions in the future. Good idea!
Travel week coming up again. Racking up the airmiles this year.
... thinking about how perfect everything would be, if i were to date seriously Austin, move to England now. :(
So true. Is there a rift at all between Elway and Bowlen on the Tebow issue? This success could create polarizing sides in org
seriously! The rain an people were crazy
About to go outside and enjoy the sun that seems to be inconsistent lately. Think I'll listen to some Eastern influenced music. Sounds great
Just saw man with crucifix tie and Broncos '98 Super Bowl champs jacket. Guy was blending Jesus and Denver football before it was trendy.
Hey how are you doing??
brrruuuhhhh im broke as fuck. I didnt get my mom anything :/
We're open till 9! Come on by!
1 PERSON FOLLOW HURRY IM CHECKING!!
Is just the most adorable thing ever. Now all the other little babies are ugly. I feel sorry for my cousins baby...oh well...
That new track #outtamymind track is raw!!
it seriously is...
Less than an hour away until complimentary New Belgium Dig Pale Ale at !
according to Daisy Gonzalez, yeah.
hommie come tru club u tonitt ..hit me up I'll get u at the door
Groove Inc. holds &#39;Drums and Dogs&#39; event
Hello! Nice to meet you
great song. Love Paul Simon
When the fox cannot reach the grapes he says they are not ripe. ~ Greek Proverb
LeBron hogs the ball, and the team loses. What a surprise. Selfishness
I will stand with you!
When covering a story where someone DIED maybe you don't start a tweet w "good morning everyone" or something similar. Families are watching
Want some lovey pussy
Kobe should be ejected for that foul on Faried.
Good night, all!!
gonna refilm this shit another time i guess...
Health Insurance of Florida is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe onli
Ray Liotta in 'Something Wild' has one of the great character entrances, courtesy of Jonathan Demme and the Feelies.
“: Hey I don't fly much but these planes can be used without wings, correct?” I don't think so lol.
Great day to be born. Congrats to the Dunn family!!
When chayse askes if i wanna have hand sex with him <
no, he's a dick. Forte deserved that money.
Jessie we at #bisocialnetwork know that bisexuals comes in all shades, sizes, and degrees. Great work!
im the worlds worst speller
^_^)/ yay! It's still awesome knowing that you're going over there...in style, no less! You know I'm always rooting for ya! ;)
Time for COFFEE! (and maybe a cookie)
Pet "pee"-ve: people talking on their cell phone while using a public restroom
“Time makes more converts than reason” Thomas Paine
Say goodnight our first goodbye, I've only got forever & forever is fine<3
the patience is nice; sticks out like a sore thumb with the Cubbage
everyone go follow she sexy ass hell go follow her ;)
Back at my old stomping grounds this afternoon...good ol CGHS
Yes, it has been long! Lets not let that happen again k. I miss your tweets. :)
Pretty stoked to run sound for and tons of other bands at the 9th st block party tomorrow! C'mon out!
“: say something nice or I will haunt you forever” uh that was.. Do you have any other offers??
Watching & on MTV Hits right now...so good :-)
The jackhammering outside my office window could not be more poorly timed.
:) ow Good thing. But is there something wrong?! U okay?
Two hours left! 10% off all Bee Mine in stock and 20% off All other products in stock!
thats why i am here.. to help ya :)
I Just Want You To Be Happy Even Though Im Already Happy With You : (
YES! RT : I think Carlos would be an improvement. Carlos the Racing Chorizo
Maitland Stage Band is about to start out here at Lake Lily in Maitland! Come on out - the weather is spectacular!
David Beckham is in #DC to visit the White House. Is he still a sex icon or is he so early 2000's?
Thank you to all the new customers of SheaMoí Naturelle™
the oscars have nothing to do with reality. go punch someone.
Enjoyed some great college hoops today watching Az/clemson and IU/KU. College basketball is better when Indiana is good, what an ending.
Crime thrillers involved pros; murder dramas were amateurs - before noir was coined- great point by Eddie Muller
Are you guys talking about the #MoreThanThisMusicVideo?
It's lunch time #NABshow! What's everyone doing? Let's grab a drink and meet up!
Im finally at the BlackBox thing, where the hell are you?!
Please reply with a link to your favorite #blog all topics welcomed
Piano Player <U+2714> Singer <U+2714> Dancer <U+2714> Composer <U+2714> Songwriter <U+2714> Inspiration <U+2714> Idol <U+2714> Role Model <U+2714> Talented <U+2714> Hooker <U+2714> = Lady Gaga <U+2665>
I'm like your virginity, Once I’m gone, you aren’t getting me back.
Well done, Rex.
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living. ~ Jean-Jacques Rousseau
They say one day your whole life will flash before your eyes, make it worth watching.
S/O to Ally she a bad chick!
Im Tryna Make History!
im about to leave to head towards jwu now
50 Cent releases new Street King Energy ad with Joan Rivers, Childish Gambino goes on MTV First Date, A$AP Rocky talks s
Wish is made!
Ear infection...in BOTH EARS??? C'mon, seriously?
RT : #BioBuzz & to host a "Science of Beer" social w/ More details to come later this week...
Corporate Resource Services Enters into a $12 Million Debt Conversion Agreement
no you have to adopt my adopted team!
The Marina Tooth Fairy Rocks!!!!!! :D They are the best!!
I am suffering from #bubbletea deficiency
Loving 's overhauled website, and their integration with #pinterest is great value add for pinners!
RT : crash in Natick is at exit 13 (WB)-------Thanks John!
I hate this place with a passion..
#uknourincaliwhen the guy next to you orders one bud after the another for breakfast #LOL!! #yolo hey, it's wednesday mornin, #makeitcount!
Thank you so much, as always! :)
Vittoria In the North End.
Been a long and productive day! Well Goodnight :)
thank u! They have me wrapped around their little paws :)
Yes (Ray Voice)
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize That I'll be better then all the other guys
In Coach McCarthy we trust.
I love the show sons of guns
Good W for your Reds, over my Braves, last night. I was hoping Dusty would blow it in the 8th-9th..lol.
Reggaeton on blast / can't tell if it's inside my siesta / or outside
#713Salute #ABN Doing Some Real Shit For The People Of Houston! Nothing But RESPECT!
#teamfollowback tell a model to tell a model to tell a Mag lol
Everybody peep out 's new mixtape dropping 5/11 Feat. ME , Flintstone, Dre P, Jay Rush, Whitehouse, Ratchet&more
Develop a love for details. They usually accompany success. -John Wooden.
starts their program right in the impressive Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts with Beethoven's First Symphony
NP Lady- I know how important pictures are!
Chronicling America quick stats: 3.1 millions pages, 414 titles dating 1859-1922, 22 states and D.C. represented...and growing!
I spend more time going through my email now, then ever before. Is this what fame feels like? Could it please come with more fortune? :D
My new favorite show has to be <3
retweet my boys and I'll win a prize. You were awesome on their show awhile back come back soon.
'One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.' --Bob Marley
Interesting examples of low-resource, high impact prototypes in Obama campaign web page & book title
Why am I suddenly starving???
The Romney Campaign: pandering to ethnocentrism since 2012.
Well I'm liking this idea more and more! This'll be a blast! I may take the bus, but only if I can get a ride from the station.
Touche my friend.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
So #RedSox players don't like Bobby V's comments. If I remember correctly didnt they get the nice guy run out of town. Deal with a dick now!
Great to see young learners learn first words.
what up Long Paper! Lol We out here in L.A.!
I finally got around to reading "Unbroken". I assure you that once you read the Preface, you won't put the book down.
No! God did not create mold to infest classrooms! It must be aliens growing there. Oh wait! Did god create aliens? Good luck!
oh kim jaejoong you are a beautiful human being but your face is so fake it hurts
Good one Zack. When's next time you back here at Golds Venice?
I can't believe I slept on #ChildishGambino for so long! Wtf!
ikr i cant wait to have his ass too!
"We're lost." I've heard this many times in the last 2 days..
You know me...so well.
Amen to that!!! RT : Ladies start giving yourselves a little more credit!!
SCRATCH THAT, MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO TOMORROW!!!!
The website keeps getting better & better! Check che check che check che check it out!
OWS scum wants everyone to walk off their jobs tomorrow to celebrate communist day. GO FUCK YOURSELVES YOU VERMIN. I hope the cops hurt you
OMG..... JFDHSDFHKFHIUERYW NO ITS NOT THAT... LMFAO EVEN BETTER =O STFU
There are many benefits to becoming a Partner of the Tarpon Springs Chamber of Commerce!
Life is sweet - discovered hot lone werewolf and the best cupcakery coming to my hood
Thanks ! And same ! I tweeted RadioNow1009 on my personal a few weeks ago & told them to bring him back & he said its a ...
I don't know if signing a one-year-old's cast is cute or not, but I got a kick out of it.
Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that too.
We've moved the Custom Message Editor to CodeSquare Forever Free! Everyone loves a #freebie when it comes to super-powered
Wooped. Lololol, well you sure you'd come?
What's good if you worked all day and missed the awesome warmth? Night ride. Open face helmet. All the smells.
Eminem thinks that it's funny too :P
A very merry christmas to u and your family hope to see u more on mike and molly love u
Getting Hungry At Night , But Being Too Lazy To Get Out Of Bed <<<<
you make it to ATX yet? :)
sounds good to me
I was there aswell! You guy's were absolutely AMAZING!
I just realized I have a class in the golden panther arena... The basketball stadium has classrooms in it??
How was the family visit? :)
Wtf my head is on fire in the hair dryer
Get better Phil!
So it took me going to #sxsw to check my new Twitter followers (who include a CNN producer & a homicide detective)
I made me bot a rage tweet function. Will it rage tweet? Roll saving throw against rage tweet!
Once upon a time, I didn't give a f**k.
I been a fan since justin was 15 and i will all ways be:)
its always been there.
All I see are the impurities, the unclean and obscene.
Word of the Day:Masterdate-A set date between an individual and subscription based Internet pornography can be preceded by dinner and drinks
OKay, got it. Maybe you shoulda just invited them here! :-D
Watch the Reds Game <3 Dear Mr Cozart, I'm in love with you.
Well.... Freaky
Eggs of an hour, bread of a day, wine of a year, a friend of thirty years. Italian Proverb
Would love to help drive the cause with Lets talk mud.
Russian hipsters and motorists announce political ambitions - RT
so hyped!
Road Trip!! Driving from Florida to New York today/tomorrow... Got 4 audiobooks queued up for the drive. What are you reading now?
Have you met him? I'm quite intrigued by HoL too. Haven't read in years, so it may be time again.
No day of rest for this girl: off to run 8 miles of trails in the mntns, then paddleboarding all afternoon, dinner with the girls tonight.
:-). Good. I shall come by more often then
Yum! RT : Join us for lunch and start off with a Baby Iceberg - smoked bacon, bleu cheese, tomato and russian dressing.
I WILL KILL YOU!
CB report showing that though schools say creative arts are very keen - in fact these are rarely taught as core subjects
yea, I'm hungry. We should start using twitter as text messages like everyone else. Even though I'm sitting next to you.
boo ravens!
I'm Deaf.. but the concert was awesome!!!!
The Giants getting a lot of help from the defense and we can't capitalize! I'am fucking getting pissed!
infostripe thanks for following me on Twitter!
Spending christmas eve with my baby #icantwaittoseewhatigot!
thanks!! RT “: Same message to marketing/crew and everyone else! #FTB”
Follow me
Guess what,
Just stop runnin ya mouth.. got my mind made up. *Shrugs*
Russell Howards good news has me casually sat here in stitches!
Vacation is over back to the grind LOL. Ordered a new phone finally will be able to keep up on twitter - jit for football season! :)
Hey guys, I'm taken now ;D <3 JUST KIDDING . i'm forever alone & will never ever say that for real .
At radio show
My dad asked who I was texting, I told him my drug dealer... He didn't think it was funny.
For reals. RT : If Seattle still had the sonics I would never miss a game...
Yup, you're pretty awesome :-) the presentation went well, now to play the waiting game on grades. #crossedfingers How are you??
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight Social Club 4 a screening of Nirvana Live @ Paramount @ 6 PM & Midnight.
Congratulations to our very own you can work for the WH, then hopefully the design world will be a breeze!
very true point Tom. Thanks for voting and for the support.
#ESEA hearing over. Now we wait to see if anything changes.
TEACH ME.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Patrick Henry
I got a whoppa in da car <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>
"Severely Conservative"... "Extraordinarily Pro-Women"
get me a little please
Been listening to the Ampersand EP this week- so love it. When do we get to sit across from each other over coffee, again?
"Personalization needs to be rebranded: Customerization. Focus on making a better experience." Russ
Thank you!
Really dodging a bullet in AZ, WAS SUPPOSSED TO RAIN, BUT YAY!!!
I know I'm such a Guido.
missed your face in class today!!!!! I hope you're having a fantastic Friday!!! :)
#teamAkil! I love that. I am totally willing to practice the "ies!"
And I love you back
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING !!
Halftime at #LSP for the #CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Final, and the score is 0-0 for Mexico vs Honduras.
i had a dream last night that i went to newyork with my family & met austin! i wrote my username on his hand for him to follow! UGH
do you think they'll never race truck or nationwide back in Milwaukee or st Louis I see Indy is back in Milwaukee
hey I'm good you? :)
Hey - Ankur from Baltimore Collegetown here. What happened...how can I help?
They really are :)
Aw, no death threats for poor Camtasia! What can we do to help you?
The 46th annual St. Patrick's Day Parade is 39 days away! Follow for more information
Oh whatever lol. At least I got me a new pack of squares so I'm content. haha. how are you?
"please don't move that mountain; give me strength to climb it."
*at the school dance* Boy: "Lets dance" Girl: "Me ?!" Boy: "No the bence !!"
6 more road miles on my #Kinvara3 's. I want to put more miles on them but I am in recovery mode.
Shootin my solo video and group video plus show u niggaz betta step ya music career up
that's next week's compliment
Say Swear Michael Douglas And Pat Riley dont look like brothers lol
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own in ...
Here comes Danny Gokey, NEXT!!!
Tried reciting presidents and only got to 23...
Did you go for doughnuts?
Damn Traffic crazy out here.
It's been one month in my new apartment, and I am in love. Are we moving too fast?
That's awesome! What kind?
Blues are done!!
There are lessons on learning Monty Python ? Cool!
Lol. I just accidentally sent a tweet to myself thanking myself. Everybody, go ahead, "give yourself a pat on the back!"
RT “ If they leave you smiling after a kiss, you know it was good ;)”
"Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them."
Make each day your masterpiece
I just bought: 'Business Process Management (BPM): The Third Wave' by Peter Fingar via
I'm stuck at 26
Seems a little inapropriate?
Great! Check out our website: www.societyforthecollege.org!
Its Highschool. Aren't people supposed to grow up ? Guess not -.-
your more then welcome
haha thanks. We'll work on it for you
m you need to work out more....join me at the gym also known as gay church lol
Thank you
Have been using a program called Gas Mask on my Mac
Marathon Petroleum: Midstream strategic alternatives evaluation process update
Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiid u got me tangled n twisted! RT : Y'all probably be the main 1's runnin from it! Lol
We are all part of something beautiful.
but im not one of those wild crazy chicks, that just a nightime hobby. i get sober very quickly
now that commish onboard, when will they decide on expansion. ESPN/CBS want to know if UofL still in BE before new deals done
I think my parents don't understand that I have depression and still do
Well-that was not the way I thought the day would go-however between the many trips to the water closet -I did work a bit. Now-back to work
man I missed mikey!!!!!! FML): only if I was online when he was!
I really enjoyed your blog.
Last nite Jim Mizes suggested u for biz consulting. Sent msg to him this am on LinkedIn to introduce us. VERY excited!
12-3-51 Ray Candy aka Kareem Muhammed would have been 60 today. He went too soon! RIP & Happy birthday Ray
look forward to seeing all my media peeps at #minglebellssd next Thurs, 12/8 Get in on earlybird pricing: bit.ly/MingleBellsSD
Are they your kids...or the networks. -con-
your last tweet ----> all downhill from here
Ur welcome RT : ": Now following the #talented --- &gt; #Follow" thanks so much hun
What has everybody been listening to lately? Post it below :)
THANK YOU!!!
Yes Sir
Went to a great conference today at the Association of British and Irish #Lusitanists ( #Portugese ). Thanks to all the lovely people there
I need to cut the habit of missing you
interesting thoughts
Can't wait to take my child to Disney on Ice in 4 hours!! RT : I'm dressed like a Disney princess today
#CRM is a strategic enabler: one firm approach, industry strategies, best practices, & unites roles within firm. cc'
Thanx for tha follow pretty lady
Congrats to my daughter for her acceptance to China summer 2012!
i dont understand your need to SLAM your skateboard on the ground every time-or your need for a skateboard at all...really?!
My boyfriend stole someone's number. Not their phone, their number. I think that's the easiest way to describe this situation.
I'm just going to eat it like a candy bar and enjoy the looks I get.
It's the GGGRREEAAATT NY Mic Off ! Jessi Campbell
his graduation is on Sunday! That dude is getting old!
That show is so amazing!
Thankful for the man upstairs for all he has blessed me with.
Argh, I do not want to fill this out. I fear they're going to spin my answer as "look, our grads are employed in all sorts of fields!"
i went to an italian restraunt with my cuz and tore my finger nail i started screamin in french... :/
say something cause you're drivin me crazy. say something cause you're drivin me wild.<< k thanks for describing how i feel about you austin
wish i had a close relationship with my family where i could have a moment like this at my sweet 16 .... :'(
yes it is!
had an excellent lunch/mini-shopping trip with today...I have missed her
I love sleeping in so much :)
haha yee but i got scare
I think the people in the next car just saw me shave my armpits at the red light...
Good Morning World:)
Going shopping in 2 hours w my friends to the Manhattan Mall!!Yaaay
Attending session "Playtime: Kids and Game-based Learning" #gamelearning #sxsw "A kid's work is play" with PBS Kids Interactive
Something I don't enjoy about this class is that it is very conservative. This is what I get for going to a conservative school.
Thanks! RT Good tweeps to follow
i've been sheltered from television for the last two weeks... i'm a bit behind. :)
We are 5010 ready. Are you? How can we help you?
yeah Ikr! Then I'm finally a senior! :)
wants to go back and party
or who invites themselves out only 4 their card to be declined
Just found out i play the piano better when I'm drunk...i feel like lol awesome.
A man after my heart! RT Running is free and the road is open 24 hrs. a day!
Tomorrow: Getting drunk on history (and beer). Pabst Mansion tour --> Miller Brewery tour.
omg yesterday was so much fun. went to a family thing with josh then went home with him. goin toa fair wit him today CANT WAIT
Kettle bells? All this time I thought it was cattle bells.
c'mon fins.
Thanks Lisa Schlesinger & Tom Mula and the student playwrights for a great event this morning!
The Beard was rocking it! I'm just glad he got in the game. I was a little nervous until the Castro error.
roadtosturgis.net is up and running........check it out!! Only one week and no sleep and I did it! Yeah
Oregon RT : Who won the fight?
Twittergrader is really cool! As is Timely.is! Thanks for the suggestions!
Dear non-education friends and followers: apologies in advance for the nine million tweets from #TEDxNYED you're about to see.
Today Was So Much Fun At The Nokia Theater,Watched#TheMovieBully It Was So Touching&Moving&Made Me Realize Something Needs To Be Done ! <3
Just Landed! Its Beautiful In Cali!
she's actually Cartwright
fdshlagjdaslfjdslf how u get his number ??!!
Omg the bacon here.... so so good!!
Nice! We'll see you next time!
i want one :*
Yesterday was pretty much the best day ever cuz I met and What's in store for today, #AWP12?
in your song 11:11 It says make a wish.. my wish is for my idol to follow me (You) and RT :)
goin to my family's house for the crawfish boil. Hbu?
put u on ease thinkin bout me
Goals for 2012, starting today instead of couple of weeks
: lol! yes! hope you are having a better more productive tuesday than i!
Fuck me, I'm a celebrity, Can't take your eyes off me. I know you wanna fuck me just to get somewhere.
Reading about the "for Benefit" enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For & Non profits spectacular
Got another one.....
#Gophers to the #FrozenFour --> M I N N E S O T A ... Minnesota ... Minnesota ... yeeeaaAAAHHHHHHH Gophers!!!
If u STILL do not know how to play a CD off of a boombox, I'm afraid there is no hope for you in today's "Ipod-wav file" computer era..
Ok so I have to learn german conversational in 6 mos...any good advice?
Stuck in a car with no music playing </3
Shots shots shots.... Everybody!
When I'm good, I'm very good. When I'm bad, I'm better. ~ from 'I'm No Angel'
Carlos Lee legged out a single. It would've been a double or more if he'd have thighed & winged out of his pockets as well
I am writing just over two pages of dissertation text for every one page of outline, & doing so at a rate of just under three pages an hour.
hahaha uh for fun hah why?
True Born Records v
Health Tips: most efficient greens include: spirulina & blue green algae, & grasses; alfalfa, wheat, oat, barley, kamut, spinach & kale
Pain has kept me from working out for far longer than in the past. Need to get on track and lose these few 'new' pounds!
I made it through the week.
Saw so many people tonight sucks I gotta leave soon
zombie survival tip # 257 - never take an unfilled water cantine, sloshing noises will attract the undead. and you don't want that !
You're the 100th person I've followed. Congrats lady
Can never get enough of the Google Doodles! Today's is a fun one
looking for a strong oracle candidate in austin with red hat experience for a growing cloud company
I'm glad you missed up the schedules bro I'm telling jose that you need to prove paper work
great photos, but i can't find it on the Historypin map. you can also embed your content map/list on yr site
we start at 9
Tell her I said happy birthday!
The incompetence at the helm of the program is way more destructive than any "gambling scandal"
Today 1875: Madison Free City Library opened to the public, becoming the first public library in the state of Wisconsin.
I'm going to Philadelphia in 4 days for my 8th grade trip!! I'm soo excited!! :)
The secret to having a good birthday is to have low expectations.
So now I'm writing a video game
Fox freaks after Ron Paul wins debate.,
<l----- Colorado Hip Hop www.ReverbNation.com/Cynical303
I'm disappointed you won't be there - hoping Anaheim would be the time to get the gang together!
Buy 2 dvds get a baby chic free
I just quick pwned my iPhone! I'm loving qik!!!n
sending my positive thoughts along with it, Rachel! Keep us posted.
I am all about this. And bk nets season tickets 2013
glad you liked it :)
And yes, tweeting about basketball is just my way of avoiding studying for Criminal Procedure.
I love you Sky diving in full effect.
I like it ;* just these guys at school creep me out
THE AWKWARD MOMENT when you're telling your friend something hilarious and they're just like "you already told me.."
My mom told me to walk all the way up to my friends house just to not fall asleep.
...we'll be up to Central to check you out soon Coach!
Trying to get a tongue in this ass!
Under the dryer playing words with freinds,care to join?
Huge congratulations to my close friend for being named an STAA College Broadcasting All-American, 4th in the Nation
great segment this morning on about Chef teaching school kids about cooking
the last one with mal
I agree!! Love it so much!! I agree with whoever said #sharktank should be on more than once a week.
Work is on the fringe of becoming intolerable
Fine-tuning my manuscript for Bless Your Heart: Saving the World One Covered Dish at a Time, to be published by Thomas Nelson in the fall.
you're not important enough to me for me to talk about you. Never have never will. I guess something cane across the wrong way?
it's getting hot in here....
last night. Sunday nights at 6pm. 627-0953 is the number.
except for getting by and making friends, what does Obama believe in?? (I don't know)
when do I poke you with umbrellas ??
We had a lockdown at our school and everyone came into our classroom screaming
#WeCantWorkOutIf your a cheater..be like the sister wives if you want more that one women....
Words cannot describe how glad I am that we don't have school tomorrow.
Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe song flunking! People keep saying your! Will this song reach to the top or flunk to the bottom?!
Good morning, #Albuquerque! We're open in t-10 minutes and ready to launch your apparel and promotional products branding mission today! ;)
had much fun tonight with my loves
at the buzzer!
dare I say right back at ya?
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 16
I just said the word "exponents" out loud for no real reason.
I just want my bed
Riley is my everything if u ever do anything to disrespect her im done with you
sadly i think we will need a NIT office bracket this year...
Yeah I bleached it like 4 or 5 times in 1 day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> worst mistake ever. You're lucky! Hahaha
when is your concert in MI?
ok..we know wat happen the last time u 2 hooped against me!!
This week's Star of the Week is Mr. Michael Gillium he scored 100 on his last shop score.
Just finishes a project development meeting!! Feels great!
This is my answer to the gap between ideas and action - I will write it out. Calisher, Hortense
yea am hoping to be back on my feet in two months unless my money comes thru
So it's Wednesday morning. It's foggy as hell. OMG I'M IN SILENT HILL...Best game ever..Hi.
Thank you!!!
At Chad and Heather Smiths wedding. Beautiful day to get married, an even better night to drink.
don't worry guys, you can customize your open graph to show what you want to share and it only takes an afternoon
": Damn those Belgians thinking they have any sort of bearing on me, don't they know we're above the law? Shame #keissepayment"
Ugh. Wednesday.
is there anything coming up at church for young adults??
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Liam: True. You: Wha-..? Liam: She's talking to me right now.
nice!! Do u have the rest !!
My guy grab a glass big enough for your thirst and put the juice back... Bout to kill my cart of Simply Orange
lol yeah you right
Prince who???
yeah my #sizzlers loves me<333
"Abstract Expressionist value expression over perfection, the unknown over the known, and the inner over the outer." (William C. Seitz)
-- most likely, even if its only one.....ok you know its coming...what's yours?
awesome!! Thanks!
[ ]Single [ ]Taken [<U+2714>] Band Members
I just left practice with
AT THE END OF THE 3RD QUARTER...SPURS STILL WINNING 73-61
Omg brianna is singing while we're standing in this hallway
So My Ex Still Likes Me & His Friend Likes Me... Hhhmmmm Too Bad U Had Ur Chance I'm Movin On Hunney!!! Maybe I'll Go Out With Ur Homie XD
So excited! My oldest son & his gf will be here from Seattle for a week in June! I have not met Nicole yet. Celebrating my bday 6/13.
As you should be on such an occasion.
Happy New Year! Wishing you a gorgeous year!
where there is a will there is a way i can't be stopped when i am focused a task
pure bathing culture vinyl is going to seduce the crap out of the ladies
Is it weird that I'm at half mast because I just went grocery shopping and a full fridge gets me off?
nabbed the 1st win 108-92. 15th consecutive win. Free Valero coffee tomorrow. Yep, it's a good night.
thanks for following , following back , i shall add you on facebook?..
hot mini chess pies, fresh out of the oven- I love Thanksgiving!!
I'll be next in 4.5 miles ... Getting ready.
Use this an an opp to reflect on the positive things about #juniorseau. Continue the legacy that is Junior Seau. #Amen! - Shawn Mitchell
any restaurant recommendations in Mexico City?--> I love La Bipolar in Coyoacan!
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :) :)
oh my! Hey babe! :D how r you?
It's so cold in TN right now. Hey in Murfreesboro, should we cover some icy chilling covers for Sept. 15th?
that was in regards to the Microsoft comment
"see ya, blondie." someone just said that to me.
: they'll get it later!
What are you talking about, ?
Please keep the lead
Just clicked on a Tumblr w/ autoplay music. 1994 called and it wants its MIDI jukebox back.
Sitting naked in bed tweeting hmu.
Turn on the World Series, this is true drama
I know! Even I am excited haha!
i can't change the world but i can change the world in me.
Baby the way that you light up my world gets me over welmed.
So excited for Mike and Ash tonight! Meeting at the tour busses for vocal warm ups! Thank you, RF!!! You're the best!
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.” ~Louis D. Brandeis
I've been annoyed by your tweets for a long time, that one was too much. Glady unfollowed you. Bye.
It's looking a little below her chin :) Def go see her in person if you can she's genius (& I brought my ma)
I see an angel in a block of marble and begin to chisel until it flies away. Michael Angelo.
Always A Bit Of Sarcasm In Mug Shot Roundup
Had an amazing dream about ;) just saying <3
Oh really? thats a shame, the review seemed promising.
omg me too:(
Hey - give a gift to in Jess and Skip's names & get their names on the new bldg!
what do you think will be the big issues of this election? the obvious... the economy and abortion... what else?
I want to personally thank #President Obama for taking a stand on gay marriage that was courageous of him and the world views are changing
RT MKE Foodies who keep me coming back for more:
I need to find someone cool in my #genre who is already #published and would want to write a #foreword for my #book of Trivium Proportion
"Ooh, Alice, one of these days: bang! Zoom! Straight to the moon!" Gingrich explaining his economic plan to a potential voter named Alice.
Let your neuro-transmissions convert into orgasms. Feel the terror while filling the electrical field in your brain with pleasure.
All teachers need to head over to #sheparty to check out talking about their new app to keep women safe.
Omg I can't breath lmfaoooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
cardio burns calories, but building muscle makes the burn last by boosting your metabolism in the long run. try an equal mix!
..I think 8pm..but get there early if this is the fcbc thing.....Drea?..Brandon?
So wish I could go to The Avengers midnight premiere tonight but I guess the fact that I'll be at Disney World instead makes up for it!
. So, if RC has been the answer for ten years, shouldn't PSAT and ECAs bear out the program's affect?
haha for real! They've got the best salad bar ever!
On the #SteveDeaceShow in 20 minutes. Tune in!
I am so thankful for my brothers and They are such an inspiration.
Argentina vs Brasil - I say MEXICO
I should do that. But my work is ... home. ;)
newest one
Quick question, have you ever used a 1.4x converter with a TS-E 90mm or 45mm? Is it possible? Thanx in advance.
If you got an android..you're a hoodrat..
Ok is that MLB TICKETS commercial tear inducing for anyone else? Or am I just a girl? Lol
Lest we forget.... Its just with the majority of games played on Sunday its the "money" day! Dont Judge me!
After all that I've been through I thought I would never be able to love again, but then you came and happened, and everything changed. <U+2665>
thank U 4 showing me some love Bro Bro!! :-)
If you knew I was dying, would it change you?
Appalachian Granny's Menu includes: Pesto Cheesecake, Southwest Cheesecake, Bleu Cheese & Walnut Cheesecake (all 4 inch)! 614-732-2803
So much kandi..
"Flannel pajamas?! what are you 100?" lmfaoo
"rockblocking", nice one.
Avengers was so fuckin good
BIO Applauds Senate Agriculture Committee for Passing Bipartisan Farm Bill
"good art and design isn't the domain of a privileged few." go target rep.!
I almost just had a heart attack.
Kepler Lucas :I've got a new leash on life!
The Book of Mormon is musical theater as it should be- equal parts entertaining, hysterically sinister and daring. What talent!
I'm doing aite what about you?
Haha exactly!! Ha night=]
Aspiring ppl around u makes dreams happen
Like they say money ain't grow on trees.. So when I cash that check I say gimme all them 20s please. Makin money to do the things I wanna do
Everyone has a weakness. You just happen to be mine.
Living on the lower east side has made it hard for me to know if the cute guy is a homeless person or a hipster. They dress too alike :(
Hahahahaha now is there a country girl like McKinley or whatever her name was
Hoping to get some face time w Education & Digital Media folks when I'm there in June! Help a poor grad student out?
“'Curiosity never killed this cat'—that’s what I’d like as my epitaph." Studs Turkel
donut is eating donuts.
OMG... My head is banging right now. Too much thinking for one day
Kindoms of Amalur is an amazingly fun game :D
Lol! It seems to never....
That is an excellent book indeed!
Damn I been sleep all day
In the studio for the rest of my life (y)
BORDER TALK In-studio guests Valentin Sandoval & TJ English talkin Irish Mexican Alliance, Mexican & Irish beer, poetry, music Sat 501 Texas
I can't sleep. Rewatching all of 's keeks! He got me laughing do hard and it's 2am :D
come on :(
Oh my God! Family will test your patience!! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
The Awkward moment when doesn't tweet u back.. <U+E40D>. Lol
What is it you really want? im tired of asking
LOVE your work! Saw the BFF Pendants on Pinterest and getting them! Thanks for sharing your creativity!
locally, Miller Bakery
would love to see his answer
Sore and tired after a long day moving. Love the new crib!
and no responce... THANKS
You get the award for the best line at the office today: "try and get through my lysol gauntlet".
who's your dad? :o
Search terms that brought people to my site: akim reinhard jews; chimpanzee pubescence; film crew takes over parking; institutional betrayal
Good morning every one! Since Twitter doesn't give us enough to type, i'll end up doing my post in segments. Here it goes: I know us
Reason 6,719 being an adult is awesome: "Because I said so" finally makes sense.
i-i wont stop(;
Didn't you see the symphony couple weeks ago? How was it?! I've been away from the twitter world for a while.
Softball Was AWESOME! Hit a HomeRun<U+2665> & We won!
I got Waterboarded the other night 2 get the "Baby crying and coughing up embrionic fluid" sound effect we needed for this Life Stains skit.
Any good long weekend plans?
I'm a problem child... :-[ in a devilish kinda way
I'm going to start a series of blurry self portraits so when I'm famous I'll have something to put in gallery.
Where is the bar that you work? Do you have any great St-Germain cocktails to share?
I was thinking I might like to play that piano while wearing the wooden bathing suit and the portable radio hat.
A professional, well designed website, with the right content, easy navigation and quickly accessible contact details, greatly increases...
Gotta go with the frozen pizza, or come tailgate at Rice
it was fun for us also ... wierd questions and interesting answers xP
I want it all.
who hack ur page cause u don't even be on that page and u don't even spell ur plz with a z
just a few days until the premiere of #thehungergames :) anyone else super duper excited?
I have to work today.
Spending the day with Indiana Assoc for Healthcare Recruitment talking about Social Media, more to come...
(aka Batman), thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing what you have to say on here.
Amicci's, if you want to do Little Italy
sure, why not? lol
This is a verified account, folks RT Had some really good meat loaf for a late dinner.
Now I'm excited. XD
agree, if you link #QRcodes to a desktop formatted site then go home and pull out a record listen to it backwards
Will be in Singapore International furniture Fair on March 9th.
Social is the shift away from traditional marketing -- the let's see who can shout louder game -
why it makes it so hard to plan, plans need to rely on ppl making right calls (est. roles & responsibilities)
"It shoulda been you, Gordon." /tears
If I don't remember signing up for your email list and your blast is hideous, I'm not coming to your theater.
are you working on a new record?
I absolutely love this coaching battle tonight two of the best in the game. Doug Collins and Doc Rivers.
how so? It actually *just* quit opening...
Thanks for the hospitality ! Get notes from the workshop:
I love The Root Cafe in Lakewood OH, despite the fact that they play The Magnetic Fields non-stop...
If change is happening on the outside faster than on the inside the end is in sight. Jack Welch, CEO, G.E.
Can't wait to see this film!
So cool to see Scott Winslow onstage-congrats to Winslow Group for being a top Americas partner. Thx!
Oh yay. Wasted sorority girls in ugly green tees.
At city museum in st Louis. Kids r having a blast!
when people say they want more followers what they mean is "i want more listeners, ppl paying attn to me"
wait, THE vanilla ice? RT Excited 4 free shows on AE Stage: Love&Theft, David Nail, Green River Ordinance, Vanilla Ice...
#CXO I could use a cookie over here.
Maryland. It's about a 1.5 hour drive (although we went in traffic), but we had a blast! Right at Arundel Mills Mall
Thanks to for spreading the word about The Monuments Men, heroes of civilization!
Hoya Saxaaa!! #Georgetown just tipped off in the Verizon Center and we're ready for a win
Ill give anyone 17 dollars if they bring me a big box of hohos
Been reading Tami Roman's mentions. 95% of tweets are blasting her behavior. Other 5% think she's "keeping it real". WTF? That's sad.
first thing first is drums..lol that's the big thing.. the singing part will come..
Screw You #cardinals v
People of CA: The right called Jerry Brown "Gov Moonbeam" because he was early supporter of geosynchronous satellites, used today by GPS etc
we hope to see you tonight for LIVE MUSIC ft ZachWade & DanHarvey 9pm! Food & drink specials!
": I will cross the ocean for a Big Mac" wtf! you wont making eating that shit
YOU ROCK. Give Roby a punch in the arm for me lol.
What a 9th inning! I went for a smoothie, and the #Royals scored 6 runs.
My monorail is 50 years old. That's a good number to stop at. Can we tear it down please? Let's face it: it's kind of shitty.
No one ever eats their own food, we always end of mixing all of our lunches. lmfao , , & twitterless Julie <3
Welcome to the world of Penn State alumni. Your Scepter of High-Mindedness is in the mail.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 33
Heard Call On Me in the car this morning. Instantly thought f you.
#10FactsAboutMe 5: I've dealt with depression, and almost gave in. If it weren't for the Boyz I wouldn't be here.
Hi-five of the day: if u travelled completely without using or borrowing gas
HEY Jessi Lollipop, YOU OPENING YA SET WITH "MISS-BEHAVE" FEAT JMac da Kid, MONDAY MAY 14th at The Whisky A Go Go??
Making steamed clams.
Frugazy? RT : lol, see if they got them aunt pearls while you're there! And they betta not be no frugazy shit!
Hahaha, it is. I made a recording of that part of the movie. I gotta find it :)
When you brand yourself properly, the competition becomes irrelevant
his stand ups not exactly hilarious. He's almost Too high doing it.
#GrandpaFred:Be careful falling asleep...I'm listening.bd:Want me to play u a song? gf:Heck yeah.I die tonight.Going 2 pick up a few goodies
Ur my soul coach all the way. starbucks with you made my day. thanks!
any time!
"Good paying jobs" (rather than "well paying jobs") RT " #mbchats What's your grammar pet peeve?"
Eh, I just can't muster one bit of hope in my mundane life. I've had a few chances and never succeeded.
ugh was about 2 restore #iphone to 5.1.1 (losing #jailbreak) until i learned #siri has its own volume! the true price of jb="googleshooting"
hw you gone wake uhp n the middle of the night n a storm n strt to tweet
Who ever loves should RT this
This friday ladies free all night where da party don't start til the other clubs end 21+ BYOB we located right behind Beamers jack
you should be on Man vs Food : slushie edition
Sometime's it's worth giving up someone you talk to everyday to protect someone who loves you
I never have been able to figure out their problem with that.
Yes sir!!!
So, how is it going or did it go?
#gail2010 so tired I forgot to tweet that I'm here. Our AU preso this a.m. was really fun and well attended! Thx Georgia Southern!
Mission accomplished, i hate you all.
Will POTUS mention education and workforce readiness as a national security issue?
i had the maddest crush on that brown skin thang
there are 250 people in Norway?
I love everything about that article... We must go see this play!
Calendar, Best of the Lamorinda Sun -- Vintage fashion show, physical therapy workshop and celebrating the music of ...
Totally looked like you tweeted it! I saw there was a link but I didn't click it. Also, it sounded like something you would say!
Real girls stay. Hoes come & go. Little boys play around. Real men settle down.
“: Ray lewis 'is this my last time as a raven absolutely not'”
Congratulations Mr. Kennedy! NABJ's Emerging Journalist of the Year
happy christmas time <3
aite ya i member talkin to you along time ago. theres this spot here where hella hip hop heads perform. its called the avalon
I am thinking about getting a Ford Explorer Sport Trac for a new car!
Dining at the Kennedy School this evening.
I think I have a good taste in music. Fuck every one who doesn't like it. :')
Happy Monday HDDT followers! Another sunny day in
Thanks! Glad you're participating with that great project.
it fucking involves me when Cruz calls me asking about it.
You and I are both spamming for this meet and greet tomorrow lol :)
>>>girls like you RT : Guys with kids <<<
Now doing my homework. Oh! What fun!
- glad to hear #themusiccity is melting faces at
Note to Today Show producers: 3 yr olds on live tv not a good idea.
Can anyone tell me if anyone met one direction at btr's meet and greet?
Jeez! I guess if one can handle the mart/app special, why not run yesterday's wine bottle special for the other, right?
Making sells and getting smoked out
I'm having the same problem. Lots of alerts but nothing showing up in interactions
The most important change for #Mifflin2012 is that you CANNOT go in the backyards of the houses on Mifflin without the resident's permission
you watching the #Bulls and #Sixers?
Coffee tasting with
Merry xmas Kelly to you and your family from Uncle Jim!
when y'all coming back round my way my dude
RT : Great being with campus tonight. Great group of Champions. //
At the game in Indy. Great stadium. With Wesley Spencer, and the ladies. Awesome.
#AskObama Can you support national/regional business plan competitions for young entrepreneurs, out of work, laid-off folks? A national push
Sounds good, Colin; love to demo Speedcast. Unfortunately can't DM you until you follow me.
lol I'm sitting
This bitch talking to her damn self lol
what you doing babe
it's been one long week + i've been out of twitter-touch the past few days. thinking of u :)
#finding Network Marketing Recruiting - Finding Your Target Market
Groundhog Day, the Wizard of Oz, and Twister are favorites, Day After Tomorrow and The Shining are least faves
I want to move down south
Music is the art of thinking..with sounds..
love that song
Thanks Dave!
omg I'd love it if a brick wall followed me ;P
Thank you for the follows!
- Thanks for correction in legal terminology. When I hear "shared" rights, I think of collaborators who make joint decisions.
RT : Follow Local Editor Hoa Quach's Live Blog of Gov. Jerry Brown's Speech in San Diego - Imperial Beach
"If failure is not an option, neither is success." Seth Godin
#WeLoveYouLadyJaJa since no important pop gurl's perfoming at the Billboard Awards, skip dat shit and tune in to "Lisa Goes Gaga" on FOX.
dont be rude :p he just, makes me nervous
My mom is the greatest.. She's uh-may-sing.. So blessed to have her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
yeah it is merely an illusion and a chemical response to another person.
I feel absolutely ripped after working out with yesterday! I'm a bit sore too.
IKR!! Some ppl just piss me off cuz its ur own opinion not anyone else's and u can think whatever u want
Is there a link for the upcoming performance at Microscope?
Reading Self-Management for Actors by Bonnie Gillespie... well... because.
Ya girl don't show her face when we be face timing.
We'll be offering parking for today's Padres game. Stop by and say hi!
Used a Yeti for her audio and a samsung video camera
watching NBATV IS THT A GOOD MOVIE
Welcome to twitter Mom :)
ACM presents music of Babbitt today at 12:15 PM at First Church in Boston's Back Bay. Melismata for Violin and Homily for Snare Drum.
Heading to Home Depot to stock up now.
I'm so proud of you for doing schoolwork mostly everyday. =) #RickyKingOfSwag <3
“: Dunked but didn't know what to do when I got up there. So I let go and fell hard ..... #oops” i just read this again and lol'd
UPS needs to step up their game
"It's not a fanny pack. It's a bro-sack!!!"
You know how they say we only use 10 percent of our brains? I think we only use 10 percent of our hearts.
Friday night gym session.... legs, shoot me
“: let us know if your playing in Nashville anytime soon!!!” cma fan Fest we'll be there! Announcing this week!
Anyone have any advice as to how to create lacquered walls?
One day ONLY,Wed November 2nd...30% off our entire inventory of Alain Mikli.Don't miss the limited opportunity for unique glasses ON SALE!!!
AVENGER TIME!!!
Or it's "All the news that's fit to copy so we can fund our own original reporting."
Follow me back, please.
So it's basically productivity and death. Or sleep. Why am I weighing options here?
MN has its own issues to be sure, but that'd be some out of the frying pan into the fire shit.
EVERYBODY'S STARRY-EYED
To the guy next to me at the bar with the tucked-in Sade shirt: Will you be my Baby Daddy?
Why is almost 80% of the unbuilt land in Virginia in private hands, while on the West Coast it's the reverse.
Congratulations on the MOBO!
Yo, I make the meanest brownies tho. Could be special ones if you'd like ... if u catch my drift.
We wish you did too, Greg!
If you're not following on twitter. You're fucking up. He just called some broad "baby shrek" for questioning his sexuality.
Mezzanine, definitely. What show?
If you have > 50 followers than your opinion is obviously more valued... But no, I still don't care.
We've still got to order the really big one
Bwahaha! RT : What the f? I must be drunk, I put back street boys on pandora on the radio
Love this quote (:
yea ok
okay thanks:)
Enjoy Texas BBQ and folk music at The Heritage Society's Big Texas Welcome!
Happy #FF shot out to new & old tweeters!
Do your worst history final.
worst thing someone can do to a musician. Lower than dirt
Your so so so so welcome!!!:)
I love these #Brewers west coast games.....
Box Lunch Delivery is FREE for 3 or more orders so let us bring you lunch! 303-623-0525
Me: oh snap this my song Him: oh yeah gets up on dat Me:umm excuse me back up off me n*gga b4 you get kicked in the balls Him:fiesty Me:slap
One of our favs:
What do designers dream of, when they take a little designer snooze? Do they dream of big ideas, or of revisions that never get approved?
love the new bottles! what a hoot. maybe I will stop on my way home tonight...
So Sanford: arrest a journalist for exercising their constitutional rights? This keeps getting better. That's it, u messed up so go silent.
Yes.... India
I think you two should meet.
Thanks for the RT, friends! :)
At least they didn't not put the song of the same name on the soundtrack
I'm goin back to sleep
at losing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
i love that song
I find it funny that I often think, "Oh, wow! I'm this close to adulthood!" and I'm 28.
and i say hy hy hy fr fr alright
I kno plies gne have some classic on the new mixtape
its a compliment, don't worry :)
Should I be taking that as a compliment? Ha RT : dude you're killing me
maybe i'll start signing all of my academic emails with "your most humble and obedient servant". or "burn this immediately."
i need to just quit hockey and stop embarrassing myself
Styling a Photo shoot for #Austinlifestylemagazine today!
what is the easiest and possibly the fastest way to get a film budget
I am at the @ Madison Children's Museum with my 7 yo and the place is over run with entire Darlington elementary school.
just registered its 3000th user!
Something needs done re immigration. Agreed. AZ's law is terrible policy. It's racial politics, not good public policy.
My prayer today, Lord please help me to try harder less and surrender more.
thanks for the follow Melissa! Cheers!
STOP LYING. It's too much dude..
im pretty sure , da worst part is dat da snitch got me in half da trouble im in & i stuck my neck 4 him
This month's drawing for 2 free hours has been made! Check out our Facebook page to see if your name was drawn. www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
celebrating a friends birthday this weekend, so lots of drinking lol that's pretty much the plan. How about you?
Have to admit it was pretty amazing. We need a win to salvage the series.
Oh I see
i'm showing love from here in my city Cincinnati
Whoa. Have you written about such an event? If not, please do so ASAP and publish and send to me.
what time is everyone heading there?
good seeing you this weekend boo :)
I'm Serious, I Dnt Know What To Talk Bout :D
hey! Keep it down in there! I can hear you watching hot shots II and touching yourself.
Congrats! You'll really enjoy it. We need all the talented developers on board. Let me know if I can help.
It's true, I'm up for my early morning workout, & excited for the day to come!
. Great question! I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
Wana do sumdan special fa my mama fa her bday
Morning #kettlebells Afternoon circuit training and Evening cardio.
thanks, friend. I appreciate the info!
& i always make it harder on whoever's coming next.
Ready whenever <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT : What lies behind us, and what lies before us, are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Oliver Wendell Holmes
Hey there, little regular fry in my curly fries. Just be yourself, buddy.
ah, thanks for the explanation! I thought I was hallucinating
i would subscribe to brokaw's voice on an eternal loop
Weed got me laughing like a damn hyena.
Why am I starting to get sick??! Hello its May NOT January! :(
Staying Positive :)
Been waiting 7 years for stronger ban. 1st one passed a few months after my wife died. Let's get it done! Thx.
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "The Beatles? You like The Beatles? Omg, old story! Come on, you're in the 21st century!" v_v
bob errey said staal and gorgeous in the same sentence :-)
WHY AM I AWAKE
Sign on bonus! Ha--I wish! But, am hopeful---It'll be good to start working again.
Utah then Colorado then NYC.
Was dwelling on how somebody I know is kinda dumb, and then I walked off with the wrong grocery cart for the second time recently.
omg hey green ass
Soup's on at Lotties: havest veggie rice and potato bacon.
New sheets! So soft, so wonderful. So going to bed early. Hoping to make it a wonderful Wednesday.
Craving a kick ass workout:)
Happy Easter everyone<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>he has risen!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
not liking this gloomy weather
zionsville stucco contractors, zionsville stucco restoration, zionsville stucco repair, stucco contractors zionsville indiana stucco, eifs
Why do birds aways have to shit on my truck right after I wash it?!?!? #fuckingbirdsassholes!
With in class (:
Had a wonderful (& delicious) lunch at today for Mother's Day with my amazing daughter & family!
Way to go!!! Congrats to you both
ayo this yo boy too much lets make some music
Yes, I was there during the 3.5 year draught!
Enjoyed interviewing the great talent involved in a well-written play appearing in LA. Pedro Infante La Suegra Triunfante: via
Psh! Lol what will you be in Orlando for, work or vacation?
Thank you for the follow, , you're a great American!
"I hate people who lie to me. Who can't tell me the truth, who break my heart."
o bieber fala yeah girl; plagiando o tutor usher q diz yeah man;
Sorry guys I haven't been on this account in a while.. /:
Oh. Im 14.
Everybody's life is either a warning or an example. Which are you gonna be? Tony Robbins
Oh man I just got a bike last weekend
One of the most valuable checks you can receive is a Reality Check.
I didn't say nefarious. That def of scapegoat doesn't say person has to be innocent. He is bearing others' blame as well as own.
I am admin and teach 2 classes still! It is hectic but wouldn't change it for anything. Super impt to stay "in it"
I've officially decided that Lincoln towncars, continentals, and any other boat cars are the worst cars.
yeah -- if it works (financially) am sure there will be others
Anyone who believes that we live in a post-racial society hasn't been paying attention over the last few days. We still have some work to do
TSA considering changing name to TMI
thank you, based
People that box you in on the road when you're just trying to get home....
cupcakes def make up for catching kids' cooties.
Me too! I didn't know that was a common sleep position!
but made by Canadians. Not so much made in USA if your only using our parts but hire Canadian company to build them
“: Good night live from Germany #TeamArmy <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>”gn
Me and are awesome. Just sayin
Are you following us on Twitter? If not, you should be! We have a MAJOR announcement coming soon and we'll be making it here!
I don't know your number?
Need some Boozy treats for your SuperBowl Party?! Call Me! :-)
Quote of the day: "It sounded amazing, like someone got out some bondo and fixed the shit out of the Pyramids."
“: Tell Pop the Gomez book tweet started with Cool! Thanks,
I'm good! Lots of great movies coming out soon! :)
That's probably a good start for BP. At least it's something!
Creative minds are rarely tidy.
Nothing against Chris Mortensen, but Adam Schefter is infinitely better on TV. Easy to forget he was ESPN's NFL face guy pre-Schefter.
Dont even feel bad. u did nothing. u were mad because i wasnt on? wow. just be greatful you dont have me anymore. just bye
Chatting with all my guys by facebook! I love Them!
i have so much on my mind. i cant believe he would do this to to me. :/
Screw that. RT : Win or lose, Nuggets showed out this playoffs...
I want to see a stadium for the Beavers IN PORTLAND! Still think the RQ is the best, but otherwise, why not the post office?
I don't text me hun
happy wonderful birthday fo your HUGE 21st to the very kind and thoughtful 1(you- Alex !!!)- have (i hope you are ....
My science homework involves drawing a picture = <3
I don't really know why, but Linden's flip phone drives me crazy.
A duck walks into a bar, the bartender says, "What'll it be?" The duck doesn't say anything because its a duck.
Thanks for the retweet Basil :) Hope you're having a good weekend.
aw that's cool and noting much, yesturday i got my lip pierced :)
Happy Easter!
Life is too short to sweat the small stuff. Let it go... move on. Live... ~
I cant tell if you guys ate ridiculous or I'm not diligent enough. Prob the latter
That is good to hear RT ..enjoy your day and this nice weather !!
Hope the poor boy is suave.
It was so great meeting you. I look forward to working with you. Thanks for teaching me some things too! See ya soon.
I'm convinced that no one delivers to my apt. Where are you ?
we're not doing anything....? what?
#WhenGuys Defend You
[You're the best!]
he moved from pins to neon green rings. Didn't really surprise me either. Ah Portland. lol
seen them like this before . It sounds short because the mention of open inning in the fall . This is for 2013 .
I'm brawling with bunny rabbits over here. I'm determined to have an organic garden.
s/o ...when u gone b back in dallas so we kan get u on some mo trackz fam?
Hope that everyone enjoyed Shavuot and the weekend! Thanks again to all who joined us in tweeting #Torah!
I think next one up is Shutterous for $500M. Can I start a rumor? :p
It seems like is busy as ever! N and I miss our active mamas and babies every Tuesday around noon!
any particular one stand out for you?
Chillin' with at
Yay for a hanging out with a fellow book lover & writer, now a new friend at !
A terrifying warning: "This site relies heavily on PDF files."
so true <3
Big announcement regarding a huge tour for HW coming soon\m/
thank you so much!!!
Do you love movies?? Then don't miss this exciting chance to attend the Seattle True Independent Film Festival. For more info checkout...
Heart is with Ketty.
Happy Thanksgiving to the entire 3Bet universe!
Thank you for the RT! Have a great
So excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight!
It suppose to fall in the 30s tonight
When you think about it the letter "q" should really be "qu"
President Barbara Leonard of #The #Links, Inc is opening the ceremony and is we can't find our dignitaries...lol
Pair tonight's Roasted Salmon, fingerling potatoes, wild mushroom hash, celery root remoulade with our BIN 48 red blend this #WineWednesday!
I will see you tonight! Ready to freeze?!?
Enjoying an ice cold Hoegaarden White Ale at Old Chicago - Colorado Springs Tejon. Join me!
'outrage' from and aside - How is it unreasonable request to ask #mnleg to vote on something? its time to vote
I GUESS YOU WILL NEVER SEE ANY OF MY TWEETS:( IT WOULD BE COOL IF U JUST RT'D ME OR REPLY:(
People who spend time with positive, successful people become successful themselves.
At hardees they have those oreo ice cream sandwiches and i want one!!!!!
I'll hunt around their sale section!
For the last time, "The people united will never be defeated" does not rhyme.
You're as fake as they get
I'm talking about Twitter in my computer boot camp class. Say hi to everyone!
You're such a follower lonjas de flautas! :P
Time to grip the grain n let the rubber meet the road.. This van will be a rockin to Myrtle Beach jammin the whole way!!
check your local PBS station's website
It was laugh out loud funny!
You ate grilled cheese for dinner five days this week.
#askmike G'Luck! B4 u spend ur money please think through - HOW? Want REAL results? Change the edu process as v know it now.
I want a chinchilla for a pet :)
Goodnight baby! :)
just watched you on the Larry Sanders show, great episode... That show was gold!!!!
Nail polish! Haha.
Boring drive. What's everyone doing tonight?
I just pissed this girl off on facebook because I said ''I think your boobs are highly interesting'' on her pic ''you cant even see them''
I do believe I've missed my bus.
#Happy #Passover ! #Happy #Easter ! #Happy Day!
was amazing. gahhh
While #Zipcars love to go places, they have to be returned to their home when the trip is over. Any spot in that home location will do.
On the ground in rainy D.C. Waiting for a gate. Didn't they know we were coming? Waiting...waiting...
that gets me n trouble at times lol ;p lmffao
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
MT : Congrats to all the future family docs who found out they matched! Can't wait for Friday! Viva la #FMRevolution!!!
yes! And a very cool one at that! Email me Paolo at Nodejitsu
Smoke. Smoking is the leading cause of gum disease. If you are a smoker, try to cut down, or better yet, quit.
naaa . I believe you bra . .
I trust more than
- I agree. Raji is one of my favorite Packers, but he got HANDLED this year...
Votto drives in Stubbs on an rbi double. Reds now lead the #Brewers 2-1 in the 4th, still no outs.
no problem. I am happy to hear your enjoying it. Next try Headwaters IPA from Victory it's awesome. Have a good night.
OH: this is the biggest Symfony2 talk ever.. And we've had conferences on it.
Thanks for sharing your story Leif. We wish you all the best!
I wanna see transformers 3 soo bad!
#ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure :( Let me help you!
we taught you everything you know, Mallory!
Thanks for the follow. Nice to meet you! Let me know if you ever need a RT.
idk i hate science because i have the worst teacher ever and i barely get to talk to my friends that live here anymore (cont)
"By the time the fool has learned the game, the players have dispersed"...Ashanti Proverb
Get outta heeree.
what's this
Agreed. After you reconnect w/ people you weren't friends w/ in high school pics & videos are what drives continued engagement.
that's the best from your Cena column? Come on BR WWE page gives stupider comments than that.
Just heard a dude named "Super Everybody Get-Along" kicked a guy in the nuts.
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"!
Cyprus SEO and eMarketing Agency JPP Marketing Delivers &quot;Social Media for Career Advancement&quot; at University of Cyprus
Kirkus says SPARKS is "a kinetic and well paced comedy that just might win a few converts…original and appealing."
I will never let anyone make me heartless im a very loving person ppl get hurt take that as a lost and move on!
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
Felt tired. Layed down. Now wide awake.
Ditto RT : keep doing ur thing. Everyone knows the best place for #BBN news. !!!
Spiders can crawl text, not Flash or images
#mla12 #s442 Jay Clayton: multiplicity of media moves students beyond questions of "fidelity" by defamiliarizing
i am coming to philly for the two shows this summer!! we have to hang!
they got barbd wire facing the other way so its like there keeping something inside, under the airport.
happy valentine's day! love you <3
Janelle on teen mom is a dumb bitch lol crying cause she can't blow some trees bitch maybe you need rehab and not probation
I Have The Best Album Collection Ever " Just Give Me A Chance . "
Lolz pretty girl cannot be awake at this time of the morning ! It's to late xD
Feeling real good about the events of the day so far.
thx for the follow, how ya like #innotech so far?
can We stay at your house after so no curfew? I have a drive early so We can Just say we dropped you off early that morning
-i pray for you before i get to me; smh.. now that's love to the 3rd degree..
Would have to try the Magnus to know for sure. The magnet in the stand could make it quite stable, though.
Live free
did you really just call your boyfriend "daddy"
getting some new graphic tees and boxers?
just got back from CVS with a bag of Ambien for that occasion <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Oh my jesus, people.
As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. Isaiah 66:13 Christian rehab offers hope
Roman is hustling.
OH MY GOD! I don't judge him for running off stage. Shit, I would have been in car by then!
Tumbled natural stone tile seems to be hot right now, we can make your bathroom look amazing! Contact us at oklahomahomerepair.com
What? Now I gotta buy candy for 37 students? Ha! Ok, ok.
Yea. Where is halfway
Of course my battery would die because my retarted butt forgot to turn off the lights
I'm a blonde currently masquerading as a redhead but I prefer my #brew Brunette. Love your Doublebock.
politos and bemos. You were at point after? PS-
No lie ya hurr
oh sounds tummy!
nice, we made five or six offers before having one accepted. We'll have to get together for some east county beers soon
Hi there Ramones Fan Club Japan!!!!
just watched it. Yikes and nice work.
Thinking about hitting up the celebrity ALL STAR GAME this weekend:)
I've often thought that too. The birds flying away at the end are pretty lame too.
this sunday?
Come on #Brewers, let's win this thing already. I missed Colbert already.
I say thank you when a boy holds the door open for me.
oh hi :D
Planning and cancelling a trip to Syria is now officially an annual ritual feature of my life.
we would love to have you!! See you soon!
Its not too early to start thinking about the perfect Valentine's Day gift!
Already getting ready for #CincoDeMayo!
This damn train ride is killing me
Those were extremely interesting facts! I will die young, but I'm average....
So we fuck till we come to conclusions, all the things that we thought we was losin'
I hate to see (admit to) the tech community undervaluing the energy space. Future energy is so fundamental to economy + security
needs to rejoin the living. All work and no play makes me super boring. :(
nah I never played or know what that is. Lol
Hot girls and cats?! I think you had the
RT Upcoming shows #AACC: INSIGNIA, & Misha Dacic,'My Afternoons with Margueritte' & much more.
“: When someone walks out of your life, let them. They have just made room for someone better to walk in!”
Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
You're obese when you buy a hula hoop and it fits your waist!
Now following thanks a lot man i hope u subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 and my team are them 2 x champs
"I was one of the children hidden by these lies"
So last night this chick from Boston gon tell the crew she really from North Carolina, b/c she says things like "Finna"
~> RT Thank you Peyton Manning for the last 14 years. And, good luck to & his team as they rebuild a great team.
Karate and having 2 trampolines (1 indoor and 1 outdoor) One son is a 3rd degree black belt and he is only 15.
WHAT WAS THAT?! Major flash and kabooooom! in Northgate. Did lightening strike right here?
Trying to figure out if it's a real documentary.
Ah, yes, as when you write a haiku about a firefly...
Can you imagine the Spandex advertisements? I try not to, but it happens.
Sirens phone calls police cars fire engines.
It's time to stop depression, suicide, selfharm, and bullying, and now it's time to help raise #awareness and #save_lifes. <3
RT : #Purpose Write down 1 or 2 goals for the day. Revisit this throughout the day. Visualize your actions to achieve these...
Golf Channel "Take Nothing For Granted" I like it!
Saw diminutive NBC golf analyst Jimmy Roberts walking anonymously through the crowd at the U.S Amateur as well.
Thank you Mariz, your words are truely beautiful. You made me smile
What happened to the days of people's word being their bond? Glad I know how to use my resources. Khadija don't need ya. Lol
Nonetheless they are obligate carnvores according to the veterinary profession. Cat's not veggie, right?
Check It Out! With Dr. Steve Brule
love you!
#RPM restructuring: 2 cars for 2011
Work work work... Kill me
That is a big NO....I sometimes wonder if all humans have one!
"It’s no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties."
excited to catch up soon!! :)
Abusing Someones Trust Is Like Telling A Huge Secret To People You Barely Know. Gain the trust and be responsible for your actions.
Steve Jones gets a nice pre-game tribute at the Rose Garden. We'll have much more with "Snapper" tonight on Sports Sunday.
Our Love For BTR Is Endless. c;
hm..I think they do. They just won't cop to it though :)
Pretty damn exhausted
Rehearsal w Positone Records today for recording session Tues. Band: Jared Gold (Hammond B3 Organ), Dave Allen (Guitar), Mark Ferber (Drums)
Forget the knight in shinning armor I'll take a country boy in camo! <3
taking 1 more day off work...I swear I have some sort of virus...this sickness is driving me insane...
ELI! Are you coming by today? What are you thinking in the LOUISVILLE game?
This nigga is never doing anything. I have a better life than him , and I don't have a life lol
New Years resolution: get heavy into Lady Ga Ga
what up man...damo the songwriter
Dang! One point! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Release date not yet firmly set. But hopefully by July ...
I'm Jewish and had a 30% off coupon. I must share my joy!
steve Walsh, supplement mistake turned success by the draft genius jimmyjohnson
Taught a bartender with 20 years experience a new drink, clover club.
We have over 1200 beers it's so hard to pick just one favorite #beer!
I need to post more on #facebook haha
No; I started it once and gave up after about 10 pages. I seem to remember it having very dense stream of consciousness.
RT : #sagaftra #oneunion I voted yes. Did you? Will you? Your ballots MUST be received by March 30 to be counted. What r u...
Happy 17th birthday :)))
RT : Find out how you can enter to win a $25 gift card to AND sign up for the free Patch newsletter!...
Julian-Yellow oh and Jared-Green
This is a first: On the plane and now they're checking everybody's ID... Flight is NOT gonna be on time.
Thanks! Ok, I think that's it for today! :)
worst pool ever. Oscars here I come!
Enjoy your island but remember to come home. I miss you!
Have you seen my emails? Would love to know what is going on!
The moment the heated seats kick in.
happy b-day boy
In love with two songs rite now you guys should check them out... She wants me by lil crazed and that girl ain't cute by young blaze
#Brewers terrible at bats today. I don't know how they can enjoy their day off in the bay tomorrow knowing they're playing this poorly
I am here:)
Tri Met never even kept my id dude gave it back before asking me to step off the train and I'm all NO why are you DOING this A
I'm not even at school yet and I'm ready to go home
RT : Moyer becomes first pitcher to have voted for Ike and strike out Ike.
they r boys ! They wear shorts! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>! My babies r vary manly
Dedicates all his goals to the ladies.
Looking for a cool place to have a bday party in NYC. Any ideas? Looking at a few lounges.
Only because #BOYFRIEND comes out tmrw all #Beliebers should have no school. This is like a holiday to us!
oh, good to know. Thanks!
Great weather
that's a fun place. Never been on a Friday, but bet its cool. Great night for it too.
Why do I feel like you're teasing me?
i just wanna be 21. i DONT want to drink i just want to be able to get into good concerts.
The Main Library will be closed on Sunday, May 13th for Mother's Day.
Put derrick rose back in
my goodness, your followers then were 530, now 17,381 wow.=)
She could be on the other side of the fence
We LOVE the BEST pizza in town! Camos Brothers Pizza, the most authentic NY Pizza you'll find in the South! 7321 Six Forks Rd
I know linkin was huge now I'm like were did they go?
WISH I was ONE of those FISH! LOL! :)~
have u lived in any other part of GA? I think we chatted before a while ago... I'm good at faces.
So if Jack doesn't play live then who does? Some magical copy who looks and acts exactly like him? Think it through asshole.
you mean in terms of dreads right?
Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them. ~Author Unknown
Now that I'm home I'm probably going back to sleep
But we're excited 2 c u! MT : mixed feelings about school starting tomorrow, but so excited to complete my last semester at
Madonna talks about taking her kids to while in town for the Super Bowl. Great choice!
Me too! Can't wait! RT Excited to try tonight with my favorite ladies!
Lol people really know how to irritate me <.<
Last night at shu! Watching movies with the best friend
RT You cant be that closed minded to be scared to go to a gay club.
which dress do u like the pink summer dress or the red one
It's a rainy Good Friday morning. Eggs are boiling to be colored later. Lamb cake mold is ready for annual workout :-)
Now that's how you start a season!
I think I'm going to tonight, which I shall treat as the kickoff to the birthday gluttony.
it was off & on, then off for about an hr, but now back on.
Make sure u check out this weeks edition...Whiting turner lands $181M federal contract...lots more breaking news & info
Really sucks my phone off...ugh!!!! cant even call Netlfix...
Happy early Thanksgiving to everybody! Since we won't be tweeting through this weekend!
If Rooneys in the game it's a no brainer who wins.
Music ; ignoring everyone today >_<
ok ima be home n 15 mins hit ma phone up....i got some 4 u
I kareoked Mr. Brightside in Kihei tonight, it was awesome except now I've got to get up and yoga in the am.
i second the tri-berry recommendation!
Look forward to meeting you! :)
On my way to a photo shoot with a Martin high school senior!
zamn i wish i could LOLOLOL.. guess what? ;o
Let's go #Broncos!
I know some terrific moms. Can't name them all...but I am going to try. Doris, Karen, Jayne, Grace, Beth, Ruth, Maggie, Mia, Karen, Kristen
I run in it all zone my team says illz go blizt
Agreed! I decided to DVR it so I can fast forward to the good parts tomorrow! :)
"The modern meeting is special" on making better meetings
We're looking for additional landlords to test drive our product and give feedback! Do you have a vacancy currently or coming soon?
Headed to dinner. Do you know how easy it is to get ready without 3 children and a husband ?!?! Got my skype fix w/ J tho! YAY!
my pleasure
I would totally be ok with getting a massage everyday for the rest of my life .. My body feels like jell
EL food helps people stick to their diets without sacrificing taste!
If you put a bunch of chocolate on a plate, its a valid meal.
Don't say you can't dance and then try to go home with me. If you can't move on the dancefloor, I'll think you can't move in the bedroom.
I LOVE 's hair soo....hush
He can be the bat boy!
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries today to support BASE Camp! 5-9 p.m. Proceeds all come back to BASE Camp to help families affected by...
We will never let Justin go is trending... dammit Twitter
Good Morning and you are right. Have a great day.
The Avengers is a very good movie!!! So is Battleship both are great
Today's K atty tip: Sharing a project between 2 agencies can be tricky. Make sure the specifics as to rate & expectations are clearly stated
yeah whatever nigga, just let me know lol
If there were leftover Chinese food restaurants, they'd be my new favorite breakfast places.
oh yes most certainly, not missing that again! I was sad we didn't go last year. I have more $ now I can afford it. Goin early for BP
I want that part back. The id do everything for you part. Not the I will reject you everyday part. I just don't know. :/
Ha, just a plain band. Interesting.
Lol, okay but you have to tell him u dont care tomorrow or i can give you his email to email him
I can't look at Skylar McBee without laughing.
Neat, I would be! I'll let you know when I get things squared away with registration/travel.
If I had to make eyeball estimate, I'd say there are about 17,000 in attendance @ tonight's Pacers game. & lots of tix were sold very cheap.
Ate at FoxtailNHounds had Grn Ch.ChBurger a green beer,and a BlacknTan!Happy St. Patricks Day!
Learning from client IU Public Policy Institute about recs in new Policy Choices for Indiana's Future report.
Yeah man he had all those playoff wins. Oh wait.
Work is over and now it's time to start playing some poker on Full-Tilt
Wow! Thanks! Yes, I would love to do it again!
c'mon now you know better. I'm on my shit!
Rooting for moneyball
:) OK, I'll have to look it up. I've seen every ep. Just don't know the titles :)
": I might wake up early just to see on the news." Haha yes sir!
Just a dream <U+2665>
I Beez In The Trap
but I'm torn! It's either "The Fan" or "The Entourage" package... I mean seriously, I'm more than a fan. What's the surprise???
I hate it when you name a git branch something hard to type (like "nononsense"), and then have to type it constantly for days.
": yes...baseball IS in fact more important than X-Factor....so you can wait! lol" who says otherwise? That's my fightin side!!
it used to be cool staying after talking with the teachers lol. But for sure, lets! Do you have a fake or just party?
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Great War of 1812 picks!
I'd go but I'm playing me dear ;)
Itz a select few i actually care about now
why thank you, Mr. David!!!
YUM - How are they?
...is not a white cis straight guy...I'm a mostly-lesbian, bi-curious transwoman. (I am white, but not goofy about it or anything.)
hello MY TWEETERS!!!!!! HOPE ALL GOOD. happy 4th to all of you.!
perfect your weapon is a leek instead of a sword
Just found the neatest app called color uncovered that shows great connections between science and art. It's free! :)
My mom is out getting medicine and dinner ( we are having chinese food) YAY!!!
I think you're sweet all the time <U+E056>
Divine?! <blush>
So happy my fab buds from Arkansas r here!
Emotional intelligence is so much more important than IQ
Sleep well!
Everyone complains about this generation of people, but no one wants to fix it.
at #SunlifeStadium. Same as the last 2 years....
Yes I'm in my MF ' feelings . You don't like it , let me know .
No one like an arrogant boy scout. So 2009.
And I'm back, pretty sore though
had a dream this AM while flying frm NOLA to NYC. U & were launching a program 4 writers live from cafe du monde :)
$16 dollar tees for the late Black Friday shoppers and the early Cyber Monday shoppers www.ThreadedType.com
seriously though let us know if we are too loud.
yup :D i like love it bahahah
I have NO band It feels like my life is over!
Just know my beloved are gonna crush 's silly team today. And guess who will be there for round 2 tomorrow? THIS GIRL.
Irony...Dr.Adelglass filming news worthy segment- Victory Pk.ABC this Sunday 11:30am Hi-Def sculpting ,while an artist outside painted away!
I had a dream #NYGIANTS drafted #Luck and traded him for Matt Kemp WTF!!! Weird ass dream.......
I agree with you, that's why I'm switching to
Make sure you like the words that come out of your mouth
Im tired
#DominicanRepublic volunteer trip planning in full swing! We do it for those little superstars!!
James Brown Is Dead - You Me & Everyone We Know
I don't follow so-called social media
I had no idea the abbey would crush plan B, I was a #DeerInHeadlights haHA! Good times, $1 to Vanessa > $20 to Monica err'day!
How do you mean? Late season collapse?
Going for drinks now in Nancy's room no 509
Tonight Peter Linneman is speaking to a crowd of Baltimore's #commercial #real estate professionals here at the Merrick School.
Just got notice that us comin to KC in Feb. Can't wait! Tix on sale Friday!
I'm so excited its that! The Zulu Ball
follow me please!! :)
implus soccer shoes
Those days when Disney Channel had :Thats so Raven , sweet life of zack and cody, And The little Mermaid. ware those shows wernt annoying!
Justin I choose the shirt: Tweet # justintee2 very beautiful and swag
Driving through Fitzlandia with , Anna and Brooke. Hello Horicon!
heard it was a resounding success! congrats!!
Lily picking Bart is so confusing. She cares about Chuck so much, Bart was such a dick. Scheming Lily, perhaps?
It sounds like fun, I'll def try to make it! And I'll see you tomorrow FOR SURE! :-)
RT #FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
"have you created your happy ending yet?" - CastleVille
hello nick!
me too (: haha
Missing you at Taste WA this year. Shayn's here :)
can you go on a following spree again?! i missed your last one for school :(
Everytime I hear Jocktails, my brain thinks Ducktails. Can I enter the party tonight diving into gold coins?
They put on pants just like we do they take a shower just like we do they eat just like we do
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
we feel the same about you - thanks for the long-standing support!
Calling it
“: How to hypnotize a cat.” Ah yes! Brother is #boss!
Boy workin OT, I'm makin a raspberry tart 4 the 4th. Sure wish someone would make me a cocktail. But then there's my fetus, so that's out...
RT : Combat poverty & support by joining the "Smiley & West" club. Check out member benefits here:...
thank you !!!
~ Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
agreed RT What do you think about Whitney's family doing a reality show? I think it's tacky.
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Its such a pretty daaaayyy :)) i cant wait for summer
Anyone who is a client of Foster Web Marketing is going to be very happy after this weekend!
I would LOVE to
Life is like a novel. You are the author and everyday is a new page.
Happy Birthday to the best 2 year old I know... Kaya Breckyn. So excited to celebrate w/ her and !!!!
I have seen "left behind" now that i have been left behind i imagined something different
Drop his ass Miguel.
Dreams come to reality
Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show. You don't even have to attach a
you're welcome.
my bro is so wise
Both actually
Buying my ski pass...they're pushing pass insurance in case I lose my job. #1 I work for myself #2 If that happened, I'm skiing every day
Working out getting ready for the summer !
Are you in school?
Cost of preventing unintended pregnancy is cheaper than public assistance costs for supporting unplanned child born to a low-income woman.
Ima give her my all
Making some notes for tomorrow. Sitting on a panel with and to talk to students at our alma mater.
Let us know what you think and how it works out for ya! If you have any questions, just ask. Happy to help!
Nigga you broker than a crack house window!
Romney is in Euclid? lol why dude. why waste your time?
Biggest Loser lover, too :) Just thought I'd chime in
I hate that I watch How I Met Your Mother. Show drives me nuts. Can't give up this far in though. Will be glad when it's done.
Attention members! Does your #business have a #Yelp page? Send us a link so we can promote your page :)
omg u guys. Haha. I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again. So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me? lol
Fixed info lit largely for 'set' places (desk tops) for any type of query from a range of established tools (databases, etc)
Needed 50,000 same sex couples to move to Montana & take total political control. 2008 ~ McCain 242,763 & Obama 231,667. Why not?
RT : TRUST ME... You'll want to be following & and all our bars this summer!!! You'll thanks me later :)
You're the best little bro a sister can have! I LOVE U!
: We're gonna eat first. Give us an hour or so?
I'v read that one!! i remember the story... how is it going?? Almost done?
No justice for Paige Clay?
you're my perfect girl :)
When iOpen a pack Of bread ; iSkip the first piece , cause iTs uqly :P
Once this lockout is over and the season gets closer will be doing some fun things. More contests and giveaways.
Green House Data to Serve on Panel at IMN's NY Financing, Investing & Real ...
what is it this time, whore?
Looking for that brighter day hm...
Tried hard not to sample the green onion before tonight's gathering. Onion breath is a hindrance to fellowship...
LOVE steel cut oatmeal. Trader Joe's?
Dating or liking someone with a HUGE FOREHEAD <<<< #notattractive #seriously Just for yo
I can email you some basic youtube status check app I made, if your thinking of a web service perhaps I can show you others.
My Bday is coming up & I'm not gonna celebrate... All I want is double stuffed Oreo cookies & my dry cleaning paid for... Simple as that!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!
Fun sighting of during lunch today with !
Betty is late
(delayed response) That's been my motto for years.
we were to busy taken the other half of ben davis' hear
If not for Mumford & Sons Pandora, well I don't know what. But not good.
Liking Netflix's new format. Easy to find all the seasons of a show! Easy to find new episodes!
Haha. I figured ya'll would get a chuckle out of that.
Bugs me when people say "people are so fake!" Why can't dramatic women just accept somebody as a REAL asshole instead of calling them fake?
Unbelievable set in New Orleans!!!
It's cold out today !
Comprised of. Like a dagger through the heart every single time. , please help.
Thank you!
Just added to May 5 w/ at the Raleigh Convention Center! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> NC, it's been too long!
The background for today's presentation is a picture of City Hall, feels like I am looking at home.
Rolling in the deep
How Does It Feel To Be Mean' ? #Idk .
Awww shucks twitter friends I didn't make the cut for the voice audition! But it's all good no worries :-)
My favorite 2012 ticket? Barack Obama for President. Joe Biden for Vice President. Donald Glover for Vice Vice President.
No matter how sleepy I may have been: please forgive me for mis spelling Leslie Nielson! And again RIP
He did not just say that.. Hip hop fighter to a rap fighter lmao
4 a.m. wake-up call tomorrow. Big day though.
: o wow!! Those #'s are almost unbelievable!
hope you benefit Beth. we're getting a lot of good feedback on the book and looking for more ways to get the message out.
Search function not working properly, songs not loading in One_Love_Room , Server issues?
Just saw your blog...really happy for you! I am trying to pick up the pieces after a BFN yesterday.
Spam is a huge hassle these days. I wouldn't want to run a mail delivery system.
Hope you enjoy the weekend. Thank you again for the follow!
Waking up thinking it's time for school, but realizing it's Saturday. Best feeling ever.
aH omg hghjbvcfghnbvcghjbvhjbvcghgv
thanks for the follow and support Aaron very cool stuff coming out of Edinhacklab check out
just took a shower in the produce section of Vons
i just got 3 stars on angry birds hogs and kisses!!! :D
<U+2605>8<U+2605> man u on my mind real talk...<U+30C4>
Maybe we're all unfinished creations. Being 100% of who you are now may be the way 2 co-create your full self in prtnership w/ god
Some kid's dad just tried to pitch him for an interview with me despite the fact that I'm not here to interview anyone
My kickboxing instructor is actually teaching me a lot about Life Design. Off to write about it and share what I'm learning...
Not gonna lie, I haven't laughed at anything so hard since Arrested Development went off the air. "Veep" is great!
I was going to go outside and workout but when I went to move I remembered how sore I am -___-
shaving every since I been walking on a stage or modeling
We see what we want.
Is spinning alongside Adam Foster at the W Hotel pool party in Fort Lauderdale.
also I am recording to that track right nooooooowww doggydoggy I will send you way web it's done
i would like to goto a mtv award show one day....
it means the stink of the blazers follows you
Positive student development is formed by: hope, zest, curiosity, altruistic love, and persistence via Dr. Eileen Hulme
If you were invited to a league it should r going out soon!
Come on meta
I would be done with it by then, flying through it, kid were late today because of the book
bring an extra head set. I'm doing color for you!
So i'm sick -_-
Happy happy!!
If any of my followers work at CBS, can you tell the higher-ups to start the title game earlier next year.
read the tweet before I @ you
Head to on Sat from 4-5 p.m for a book signing by journalist and presidentail debate moderator Jim Lehrer.
Q: "How did you guys take that picture?"
I agree w/ you!
Design Council chief executive David Kester resigns Design Council chief executive David Kester is leaving the organisation.
can you imagine the look on his face if you actually told him that and then he let you take a pic of him holding
Didn't snap pics of them, but I saw model trains being operated on tables in Great Hall! They were so cute!!!
What's up? Lol
mm that pic
the current lineup is #BushidoBlade #AriLennox hosted by
Lol I didnt notice it kept posting it
Do it. (Unless the question is whether you should spend more, in which case, yes.)
Greeeaaattt. All Stars Tour isn't coming to Orlando )':
slowly approaching reality.
Good for #Bills getting Mario. It was fun to see the AFC-E balance of power shift last year in the opening weeks, like to see it continue
"You know your pillow without a pillow case? It looks like a bandage from the Civil War." - Tom Papa
go oregon ducks go 31-49
Why is the damn newspaper calling me?
TGIF2u+all these peeps!
Just saw TinTin in 3D. It was a lot of fun!
Does anyone find it oddly ironic (and perhaps a sign) that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument? Just sayin..
I'm out of 'bitch' for right now
Spent 20 mins looking for my other slippers my lil girl hid from me...
Thanks to the ladies at this morning for the excellent chai & cinnamon roll I could not have gotten through the morning w/out it!
Love the 90+ wine dinner mention - got a link that works? Thanks!
Hacking new pathways to progress will always require pioneers with an immunity to having arrows in their back.
Can't wait to be eating dinner and playing games and sipping coffee and reading books and riding bikes and doing yardwork with my family.
I try... What's wrong anyways? Ain't no dude worth all that moping around
If you have previously posted your videos online it's ok, you can always remove them or password protect when you begin applying
And I thought Justin Beiber fans were annoying but then came One Direction.
People are always talking casually about inflation via ticket prices, but the place my sticker shock is most visceral is candy bar pricing.
“111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl. 650 million are watching this Man U vs City game in over 200 countries” amazing if true
I want to buy a skyscraper too...plus there on sale.
Why does the iPhone 4s drain my battery so much faster than the 4!!!
#Heartattack Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke , Dementia Risk Title: Calcified Plaque in Arteries May Be Tied to Stroke ,
don't feel so hot today, i hope i'm not getting sick.....
Sometimes I just read your name on my timeline and click rt without reading it.
I'm dieing
What you mean sis hmu ! RT : This girl my brother has been RT'ing these days...let me find out
The audience signs are so funny.
ENTER YOUR CLICKBANK NICKNAME SO YOU CAN EARN COMMISSIONS WHEN PEOPLE ORDER FACEBOOK AD POWER FROM YOUR LINK INSIDE THIS REPORT
Honoring all who served; Happy Veterans Day!
Mac Makeup will be closed today from 6pm for a private event, be sure to do your shopping early!
I need a drink after this shitty game!!
“: that's the type of intensity they need in the playoffs.”<~~yea it is we will bounce back
#DUI checkpoint by crown point y'all. Drive safe
RTthat first, but when I RT him, it didn't show up
Going into work for another late afternoon shift!
7th gr. World Cultures/Religions (mostly ancient)
and pulled back—there was a woman lying at his feet! 9“Who are you?” he asked. And she replied, “I am your handmaid Ruth. #Torah 62
nice shoes
This ! RT : Downtown Indy is flooded w people. Never seen a city turn out like this for Super Bowl. //
Anyone in #HigherEd using CloudFlare (free or pro) willing to share their thoughts on the service? Thanks.
We're changing that! Don't accept it. Instead have them be run through the #thirstdc curation filter
yes He does - have a great week
At church and am very tired no a good combo
LOVED on tonight!
why the hate
: is it too late to vote for My So-Called Life in the untimely TV death category?
Started a batch of cold brew coffee. Excited to see how it turns out.
Last day as freelancer-- at least for a while. Though there are lovely things about the life, I am psyched.
Learn about @ 11 am Hilton Whitney Room
Thx to for hosting last nights great event!
Yes, it does.
Tupac! Probably a bit late on that though.
Good Morning to all my SUPER Followers! Lets begin to make 2012 connections!!
you will. You should sit with us. :)
You wouldn't be able to tell that it's one of my tests if it was easy... ;-)
she just learned it lol.
girl you should!
good sign for the weekend: found donna haraway book on the sidewalk. why would anyone throw this away? "...the cyborg is our ontology"
While #opendata alone does not satisfy acct'bility, it's a critical component of any modern #opengov strategy.
If you asked me how I felt right now I honestly wouldn't be able to tell you.
We're finding the centre of gravity:L hahah
I can feel the rain fall down on us together just wait for the sunshine
thanks for coming to see me tonight!!!!
So, Jay-Z is on the Gay Marriage bandwagon too???? That's not Hip-Hop....
no freaking way!! guess who has a twitter...and ur following him?!
stopped by to say hi to Karla! She seems great!
It's been a while & I swear that this one's different.
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you believe Yom #Kippur will keep the hell fire away
So there's somethings I need to fix. And hopefully I don't fuk up tomorrow deffinatley goin down
Haha wow. Sorry guys. We're failures. We like never come on here. Whoopsies. -K
that's fine
it's fine :p
“: I will make you see that your emotional experience IS evidence that I exist. Go, therefore and proselytize! #atheism” ha!
in Vegas for the the Gartner Data Center Conference. Anyone else here ?
"This is the Revealllment"
Nerlens Noel Day 2012 is upon us. May the odds be ever in our favor.
aww im glad you had a safe trip hun :)
good answer
French toast and strawberry-buttermilk smoothies.
Reading these travel books is making me so excited!
do you blog now? if so- site? what teams would u b interested in blogging about? can b team u like or just have interest in
SO TRUE on the coffee comment!!! haha
I love
They have such a great chemistry together. Fun movie
Our "friendly and professional" install crew, Derek & Jake just finished our latest 4' x 10' living wall of succulents for a happy homeowner
Brooke on Marshall: "A very great gentleman who inspired trust but did not impress me by the ability of his brain."
good luck :)
inappropriate touch cringe
Good work
the cat has been getting out the past few nights, we don't know how, and kid has been yelling at us 3 cool roommates about being careless...
X- men a classic!!lol
You do me ANY kinda way. I'm on da flo' starvin.
I can relate. You will however miss the warm water and nice beaches, but the trade-off of the SoCal lifestyle is worth it.
Looked at my Facebook pictures yesterday.
wow huge run good that the tech at the end of the half was on dirk
Taking it easy before work. Very tired.
Just Got In Our Latest #Skincare Line, , In #Flatiron! Drop By For Samples & A Consultation!!
i love pizza well, i love italian food well, i love ANYTHING italian hahah especial italian boys :) <3
Having a really messed up day...cnt take no more stress
I just want to take the time to appreciate you b/c you're amazing <3 I love you soo much. I hope you succeed! xoxo
MT : Want to help with zombie makeup for the Zombie Walk? Email to be a volunteer on…
U2 ;D
q2b) Train them how to map content to LOs
you and Carlos?
At BIM505. Albuquerque's premier BIM Group!
Make sure to check out for the Boston flashmob. I can't go which is very depressing but it'll be fun! So go and join! x
at the LIBRARY . reading book *FART* woooppsieee >_<
lmao!!! now Chris it's going ta be aight, just take yo' meds get rested #BatAsylum then get your ass back
Teaching rookies how to use twitter <<<<<<<
Mike Holmgren was selected to Packers Hall of Fame, but honestly, we should bring the big walrus back. McCarthy doesn't know what he's doing
Go blow up my merch guys twitter and demand condoms that say " I like HID not HIV" :)
Eric Bledsoe was somehow taking over. Then he threw a pass to the ref.
West Palm Beach followers a fresh batch of 's magnets are waiting to be taken on Clematis.
How come if ants are always so busy they always get time to show up at picnics ?
im not mad at you for that
#Oregon gets their #Rosebowl win for this century! first since 1917. congrats to all Ducks see you in 2109!
Do homework on the nature and extent of the demand for the skills, training, education, & experience within your chosen occupational field.
ZOMG! "Hobo With A Shotgun" is available on demand from Amazon and XBOX Live! I know what I'M watching tonight.
well actually that's the only way I can go because I can't take my parents car again
1 test down 4 to go
Well hello spring....Welcome.
Audition for new show called Toilet Head, went well will know if taping Voice Over later tonight. Keep your fingers crosses, Its for FX
Anything Kaiser Permanente related :)
Fabulous #beer pairing dinner w/ at () tonite! Tasted Prince, NobleKing, Wunderkin & Blk Metal
#Millennials and Print Newspapers: A Surprising Story
#ResumeWriting will always be the #SpawnOfSatan in this new #GlobalJobMarket. It's #Evil #Peepil!
Congratulations to for being named one of the best children's hospitals in the nation!
RT : . Truth: "The right book has to reach you at the right time, & no person can be reached by every...
The Man Behind the Shades, interviewed in New York Times feb 2000 pop scene tracking down the souls of Nashville 9 years later 65 % Blind
oh fo sho. Ice cream tomorrow? Bring the ladies.
good morning!
glad to help. we love your artwork...
#CommunicatingStylesSurvey - A unique, diagnostic instrument which is easy to take and easy to score
anyways going to bed in a decent mood!! Goodnitee tweeters <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Just went to coney island and to the beach
Need to see my bay because i kno he got me a big sloppy kiss....Mekhi gives me al the love.... lucky me
Nashville based, Roggg Woodruff, shooting in Huntsville Alabama
#incaseyoudidntknow is my girl
Then why don't you marry him? RT I love you
GET PERSONAL! Personal Training SALE Nov.15-30 at all 7 YMCA of Austin locations. Buy 2 sessions, Get 1 FREE. Great holiday gift!...
Siriusgenealogy.com, new site for genealogists, riddled with spelling and grammar errors. Makes me question their attention to detail.
That awkward moment when your school is under a bomb threat and you're more worried about your phone and makeup exploding than yourself.....
Agreed RT : RT : cost is the biggest hurdle to healthcare
I Need A Replacement
if you still say '69 is my favorite number' you need to reconsider your existence
can't wait to try your wings!
you see the Braddock news? Stetter will be back in the bigs in no time.
Don't miss chatting it up with the boys on Primetime - tonight 5:30pm PT.
Suddenly this #celtics game requires my undivided attention. Someone watching the #redsox let me know when I'm due up.
do you know anyone who can help me set up a new comp at work and transfer all the files, including QuickBooks data?
We apologize for stating false times that the site would be up and running. We hope it wasn't an inconvenience, have a great day!
A question for our Hokie alum to answer: When I stepped onto the stage to receive my diploma, I felt hungover.
Nutez is a 50% of the time, 100% of the time kinda guy
Being a TV taste tester for Next Food Network Star and who is here but ! HAY GIRL
it *was* really good!
I'll get on it! Midterms are preventing people from acting out as much as they normally would. Bummer.
Flying out to Colorado to see some of those great outdoors. I hear they have some mountains out there.
Ppl get nervous on our runs and ask if Til is a pit. I say he is a lab. I guess I'm not helping the pit movement, but I hate ppl so eh.
Want to hear our mini album before buying? Listen on Rhapsody, Napster, Myspace Music, IMVU! Search "Tex and Rook"
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Decisions, decisions
hope it went well!
Oh! I thought it was in PGH! D! I wanted to go! Thanks!
Hello 2012! What will you bring...
some people are so cocky. get over yourself.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
buy my shirt and i'll follow you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
lol hey i have close black female friends n i peep how crazy they can be along with my ex's
Currently looking at the Downtwon LA Film Fest to submit Colfax to.
& this dumb nigga ask how did I carry a child for 9mnths.. WTF lol. I am so done w/ ppl seriously.
I remember when Jeremy Lin couldn't get on the court for the Warriors... so they cut him..hmm figures.
awesome yoga workshop huh? See you thursday my friend
lol I watched a video of him talking about him being gay.lol :(
Lets rally around our artist like we do our sports teams
Never look down on someone, unless you are helping them up(:
Yummy! That sounds great! I made some stuffed pablanos recently.
#God gives you BIG #Dreams because your #Purpose is bigger than you. www.dmwilliams.org
Jordan Farmar broke the Twitter.
The first day I've had coffee in many months and I've gotten so much done. This is how methheads feel after cleaning their apartment, right?
Good luck girls! I'm sure you'll knock em dead over there!
awesome! Can't wait!
Yo, new kraft brand; it's 2011. A Flash-only web presence is the new "under construction" animated gif.
To the fellas be kind to a lady always today share a hug and a kind word to all moms and women that support and take care of us 365 days
I live out of market. Do you know if I can watch the interview online? Thanks for all the great announcing!
Ascribe to the Lord the honor due his Name; worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. ~Psalm 29:2
Paraiso is great. Would love to hear more cool climate Syrah recommendations.
Pictures from The Oscar's?
RT : #Squamish #Language Course was a SUCCESS!!! Onward and upwards to become a fluent-speaking community!
I forgot how much i love Just My Luck.
de argentina
It neva fails....certain shit gets old really fast....
Isn't that the point Ben. They can't get jobs. Hence the protest.
- What's the trick to NOT losing one's mind? Especially when throttling a beloved is out of the picture.
Don Spiro chose the #cocktail menu for Saturday: French 75, Horse’s Neck, Three Miler, Floradora. See you
Have a fun and adventurous weekend people!
RT : what are your most recent discoveries in the way of Grower Chamapange?
Could it be a conspiracy by Kleenex for world domination?
Think i give a fuckkkk
I have had the first edition for 1 year and it is still going strong, love the android phones
How did I just notice this?? Great seeing you Saturday, come back to Madison more often!
so upset about our atlanta thrashers being selled to winnipeg
New Brewers theme song: Suicide Squeezing is Painless
Wow its early
I left and I'm here :/ been for about 4 days
Take me to the goods! No splash pages. Few exceptions.
no one could update their twit, someone crash the site
Thanks to my friends !!! my you tube video total views are about to hit 200K <3 Kellie
the greatest.
Thank you for your support of this great tradition!
. "Tend the field" - develop relationships with community partners around events, helps future recruitment
way ahead of you doll return the favor please
Rondo is definitely on tonight
'Open linked data provides enormous opportunity to libraries and the cooperative'
Hey! it's , time to change the world!
God Choose My Destiny Why We Need Tha Jewry Fa
Marcum: "It was easier to sign the agreement with Twitter to preserve their archive than to know what to do with it now" #cjh -a2i
Or Betty White in that Snickers commercial.
I thought of you. "God Save Our Shoes" doc sez average US Women have $9000. in shoe equity. Hah!
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!! Now on : "The King and all his men." Thoughts?
#WW fun, thanks!
it's my bday I think I can get away w things just for one day :)
i shouldnt have manage my anger. people should just learn how to manage their stupidity
oh yeah? How so? (serious question--they made it sound like the books will last)
Good Morning Everybody! Happy Tuesday from SPI!
I'm starting a list of people that are fake as fuck. Once you make the list there's no getting off.
Joe Welinske closing keynote at
0-2 tonight... K.G. playing like it's 02' and Lakers looking like it's 07'... terrible close by Lakers...
There has been an outbreak of "loose" for "lose" & "waste" for "waist" in what I've read lately. These things keep a nerdy poet up at night.
Happy #HumpDay #Miami! We'll be off the road at a private event today. But we'll back with you tomorrow at Meals-n-Wheels !
I will put a smile on my face and tell you that I'm happy for you both.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
"Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream."
great tunes from memphis Give a listen
always a great idea :)
Looks like it might be a late day.South Bronx's gotta go beat the traffic seeya
Its been a very interestin day
hosting a sex toys party! this is crazy fun! livin lovin and lovin livin;-)
grow up people were in high school learning math not kindergarten learning the alphabet
Looking for a healthier breakfast/brunch option? Try our broiled grapefruit... it's awesome. And an added plus - this month is National...
I just finished
Thank you!!!
"i'm tired of your hacker paranoia! Product says it's disabled!!" . Sir, that notice only comes up by using a pirated code…
yeah right you been #subtweetin for days hah.
no no
“: And that is life as a Chicago sports fan....”can we get a mulligan
Lightweight bored
Client looking for a strong retail marketing manager - social media, email marketing, trade shows, e-commerce. details.
Thanks for the RT!
goin to church to hang with my besties, & the lord!
Make sure you take care of your buisness r/s
I think you stand under me if you dont understand me.
Because most of what I watch is NFL Network, I'm watching the Top 100 again. Let's see how today's episode goes...
we will see about that. I mean, I could probably spare a couple thousand or so.
-- you're welcome
Did you hear that Thomas Kinkade died?
2nd album in the works!!!
How the hell was that a foul on lebron?
Love #telseyandco - wacky auditions with complete seriousness
I want a hot man right now.
if don't grow up to be a lawyer it will be a serious waste of your talent :)
I wish I could tell you the way I really feel..and to stop the hurt and pain I feel inside.
haha glad you enjoyed that :)
thank you!
He looks like he belongs on the evil Icelandic team in Mighty Ducks 2.
Bi-curious is a term used to refer to someone who shows some curiosity in a relationship or sexual activity with someone of the same sex.
Katy Perry would though and she makes the world go round.
The Shave Barbershop Miami Beach Best barbers Call For More Info 305.866.1940 back to school Special Just $ 10 Dollars Yeah Just $ 10 Dollar
Amazing performance by Humber. have a bad ass rotation. This is going to be a fun team to watch.
Hair is wat I love to do that's why my hair is Neva # a mess
Ivan definitely second that! Swimming holes, camping, beaches, BBQ....
sounds good!
#pinchedtoosoon wet wipes rule!
Let me know if want your bodymedia fit waterproofed for FREE. We need testers
less than a month my man. You better be coming. Can't help buy remember CEO 2010 by your side and now look 2 years later at it.
[reading] guide to understanding people. free with the guardian
As Cosgrove was fiddling with that pack of cigarettes, I half expected the words "PRESS X TO EXAMINE" to appear onscreen.
So ends my first and likely only live tweeting session. I have no idea what the hell I just watched.
thank god tomorrow is Friday <3
it was cool spent a lot. Plenty women was out we hit plenty spots.
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
The Capital Chordsmen dropped delievered a valentine to COCA! One of their quartets in red shirts came and sang some love songs. So sweet!
My generations attachment parenting was when my mom hit me on the head with the 18 inch long metal serving spoon attached to her hand.
My tummy hurts
agreed !!! Thank goodness tomorrow is a day off!
Sh*t i failed my chem test D- lets just say moles & tritrations are my thing.
all it is, is the words I'm alive I'm dreaming. Its not his face or anything. That would be stupid
don't forget cute little Myles!
In mid july 1990 something, Mad Jack was feeling his freedom. It was hotter than almost hell and the other convicts were in a pissy mood
I love it...u are like the Star Trek virgin...who will let us see the the series through virgin eyes
What an awesome boss! RT the boss bought em.
Good Morning Beauties! Inner quote: Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.-Marie Curie Enjoy your day!
We can make our own plans, but the Lord gives the right answer. Proverbs 16:1,
Experience is not what happens to a man, it is what a man does with what happens to him
hahahaha truth is i would never bane my child austin, its weird when. Name ur child after the father... HAHA IM GOOD!!!!!
Im good no complaints
k <3 did u check your dms?
entrepreneur: taking on greater responsibility and risk. undertake. The employer rather than employee
Follow Ian Harding. Because he's sexy. The sexiest person you'll ever see. He'll make your ovaries explode.
Clarification. mentioned in my blog on political rancor was ALWAYS polite. When I spoke of name-callers, it was NOT her!
My friends kept saying SHORT BUS! Do i? Nope i look down theres a tyenol package tyenol?
Thank you & for sponsoring last night's Google+ event. We appreciate your continual support!
dont try to go to sleep on an empty stomach.... just wont work
We want to support Breast Cancer Awareness month. Please join us at Blue Martini 10/22 8-11pm. Together we put an end to cancer
New Mexico so far is ammmmaaaazzziiing.
Ahh so tired
Shopping , pedicure , then tanning . :)
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm asking if you done
Sounds cool! Thanks for the info and idea.
JUST IN CASE ITS DAVID OR DAVE IN HERE RIGHT NOW
Spurs know what they are doing. Leonard is a beast
President Obama is about to give a speech on "Father Hood." Tune in if you are interested. N E cable news channel.
Merry Christmas eve!!!!
the amateur dunk contest was way better than that watered down NBA dunk contest just kept seeing props no skill
i can't wait for summer country concerts!
Life is either daring adventure or nothing.
yes please! :)
Thanks Enjoy your weekend.
And a happy birthday to you!!
TY so much for the missing person update. It's depressing when left open, especially "3yo didn't get off at his stop" ones.
ITCHY FEET!Can't wait for 2011 so I can grab my backpack,salsa tunes,scripts,travel crew&go once/twice around the world again!BRING IT ON!X
Yeah sun sun it going to be hot weather with no rain I well never never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Know #CMPUNK rules
Band drama \m/
Aight bet, I wasn't even feeling you like that anyways.
#top10Lies Your opinion matters.
I coached BB 13 years. Best memory was parents of child with learning issues tell me his being on my team was 1st time he was treated as =.
looking forward to partying with you soon!!!
no problem. Thanks for the S/O! Keep an eye on the blog, too; great things are in the works.
Happy fat tuesday!! Need to figure out what in giving up for lent!!
The show begins in 1 hour! Can't wait to hear your screams...and laughter. =)
ya you know me!
Very good advice RT : Keep in touch with industry people you’ve met…they could be your next stepping stone to an awesome role!
I'm tired of people saying I look lie someone.. That shit is so annoying
Senior village feasibility study tmrw at St. Stephen’s Church, 25th and Penn 7:30 pm. Going to see how we can implement in mt. Vernon sq!
Thanks everyone!! Trapped made their goal!!
In the picture the were 7/16ths but i just upsized to 1/2 inch like two weeks ago
Our team is ready for the South Beach Triathlon this Sunday! Come cheer us on at 7:30am at 5th&Ocean! cc:
Volunteering with the Special Olympics all day! Love these kind of saturdays.
Have added new avatar to my personal Twitter, Now y'all can actually see what I look like.
haha word up, I'll take her then
RT : So much need in communities for healthy food donations! Organizations aren't able to keep up with the need!
Great seeing you on #4sqday! Also, just shot you that email; thanks so much!
I don't know why Fish& Grits go so good together, but they do. Especially, creamy cheese grits w/tomato& cilantro topped w/!
Doin'my darndest to stay out of it and keep it about the music. :-)
See, this is why I go HOME on Friday night and get drunk, nobody to arrest me there :-) RT damn that sucks about Tania
Nothing builds anticipation like booking the hotel room. I always want to wake up the next morning wherever I booked the day before.
Some things are better left unsaid. And I wish that I could take back half of the conversations we shared.
ha ha! Scrapple is as scrapple does!
Welcome to our new followers! The 3Bet online store is opening later this month - stay tuned...
still up in the press box for I'll stop by the auxiliary media center and say hello! Happy Derby, brother!
text mee! My iPad is dead
I hate strapless bikini's/shirts simply because it looks like it suffocates your boobs.
lol #dreamjob. think we should apply together, this could be your golden ticket to the world of male modeling.
very cool! don't you love it when students begin to own their learning?
Sounds like a plan! Pre-show pizza!
you'll be waiting for a long time lmao:-)
Chad's first pick for the morning in the shower is "Time to Pretend." guess he needs a pep talk.
NYC is cool. Not as good as London though. Although stuffs cheaper.
twits what it does?
Q2 Or just treat them like I would want to be treated.
#DailyRebellion: Be noticed.
To be in DC and stuck inside a hotel...well, it just sucks, basically!
Right back atcha...
I hope you're not talking about me! Oh my god, have you ever even seen the inside of a shower? I can't breathe!
what a terrific video sharing the university's commitment to sustainability - every drop of water counts!
Never too late for a beer and some hot tub... I'm really gonna hate life when I have to move out of this house
I hate fucking hypocrites.
Happy Friday & thanks for the RT! I hope you have a great weekend!
and I need to drop my books off at campus while we're in town. tryna get out of a late fee?
i will talk to you
So Google is announcing all the things today, works for me.
just did(:
63 and sunny. If I believed in the concept of heaven, this is what the weather would be like.
Ever cry when you really shouldn't? More stories coming up next...
Are crowdfunding sites the new daily deal sites?
hey kid. I distinctly remember tweeting you a few months ago asking you to come to FL. you said soon. WHEN IS SOON?
#NBC needs to fire him. As a reporter he is supposed to be unbiased. They fined Keith Olbermann for donation! I watch Chris Hayes
You have the ring. And I see your schwartz is as big as mine!
you'll be great :) oh how I miss history.
I'm so sad... My drawing something app will not work for some reason!
I'm in, let me know if I can help!
This four-star hotel will "redo our downtown effectively," developer E.Neal Arthur tells city council in El Cajon
My Grandma Talks To Ketchup Bottles.
So I'm still thinking should I post these two pics of u standing on the bus stop yesterday on rising Sun ave & Martin mills
what happened?!
For science!
36% (40 million) of kids 3 through 19 are exposed to secondhand smoke in the US.
Long late night walks with brenden. Decided to adventure, almost got lost
hey Kevin thanks for a great night!! Wink wink
You need not touch your toes to be a Yogi... If you practice a scientific technique for Self Liberation/Enlightenment, then you ARE a Yogi
I have to work late like always I never get a brake
yeah!!! We're really good friends!! Nice song by the way! It's my favorite! :)
I park & ride from Crossroads, Cab it to and from park & ride.
Had a krazy great weekend shot a video for my Bro and met a lot of industry respected people who respect our grind n how We move!
Oh guess what? It's my birthday.. I don't usually care about such things but I'm in a great mood & I get to close on my new house on 5/24!
Happy Hump Day!!!!!
yea I like it. It's much better the Androgel IMO. Less E2 and hematocrit issues too
MT : i deal with a lot of passive aggressive people.. addendum -_________- (and bone head subtweeters SMH)
30-1! Unbelievable season for 'Cuse..one has to respect.
My president coulda told me we was going bk to Africa. I would b on da boat,bone n my nose,spear n hand,titties out. Sayn goonie Goo Goo
RIGHT??!! What the hell was that? lmao
aw thanks :D and idk my moms said I have stop buying stuff after how much the tickets cost and we still have to buy (c)
special/creeped out
I got your drinks all night if you go to the bar.
damit...Go Giants!
Mom breast feeding in public: acceptable or not acceptable?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ! RT : ...Everyone please wish him a happy birthday….
school stresses me out too much, I guess
You did it! We're so proud of you. Just you wait, you'll be running TweetDeck like a pro in no time.
good man I'm good thank the Lord
Dear sleep, i know we have problems when i was young but now i love you!
Theme for the conference: Because I Love Someone with Food Allergies.
And the rain starts to fall here in Raleigh just as UNC looses to UK! Perfect!
lmfao, who's ya cousin xD??
I love your tweets! Wish you were here with me though!
I have been there and loved it.
Just saw XmPie new product tease. Video, plugin for Adobe AE. Interesting idea but looks like vaporware at the moment.
Delicious and hilarious!
i hope so!!! i can't wait to start! :)
Impatient for profit, also for Wall Street 2 Money Never Sleeps, but mostly for profit.
Be sure to follow to find out the latest news about the March 15-17, 2013, SoCal RWA writer's conference!
Can't wait til jazz in the park starts up like how Taylors, & right there
I'm not. I'm using firefox to view it. You?
im down :D
The best way to get others to do right to you is to do right to them. ~ A.D. Williams
good afternoon
Thanks for re-posting the wisdom of John Lennon !!!
Open mic was very interesting tonight, gotta rock it out!!!!
I miss this banter on a daily basis.
#youknowyoughetto when your little sister is a Hoe.
I am looking for an #expat position in #Singapore in #retail corporate, please contact me if there’s an open position
why is our son running in his sleep? I think I have a bruise
What if it's not air you're smelling, but your boogers?
Minny Gang bro.
Looking forward to our event for Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb in Paperback w/ tomorrow, Thurs April 26th at 7pm. Join us!
No t-dawg in the comics tho but it's a big black nigga name Jim that is more of a partner then Shane on the show. Tries 2 get at Rick wife 2
Ha! Did that last night... K I'm signing off. Goodnight :)
pretty please with a cherry on top follow me
For real though, revision's on the upswing.
Goodnight everyone (: <3
Sad to hear Dick Clark has passed away. A true legend of television. Few people have had as deep an impact on the medium as he did. RIP.
live tournaments always sound fun until you are there for 30 mins and start thinking wtf am i doing here ugh
With the older age ranges how to you make sure you reach them via SM? You need to research your target audience!
Let's hope the day goes by quick!! <U+E011>
Single for christmas who would have thunk it... I guess there really is a first time for everything!!!
"I'm gonna nibble on your cheddar bunnies... Ladies."
What events are you looking forward to at your local Quaker Steak & Lube?
- yeah, Durant is a monster. Westbrook has been playing really well. San Antonio seems to be coming on as well.
tried out EZ>BUY for stickers: no luck. It didn't like renewal # or last name. Never had a problem renewing w. the old system.
i just seen some bullshizz...........STOP lmao
is ready to rock it out tonight! Can't wait for you to hear these tunes tweeples!
The text messages I'm getting from my roommates are what I live for. If I could be half as hilarious as them, my life would be complete
Teaching someone the Twitter.
Any chance you'll be at Startup Weekend Madison this coming weekend? It'd be great to meet you.
Wtf Im Finna Get In My Bed
I got jumped and the ppl broke my left leg and 4 of my ribs.
RT : Yep, all mine. Not even all that I own, just all that fit in the picture. :)
I miss those days! We were wild lol.
Lies kill trust and it's the lack of trust that kills a relationship.
RT : Yeah... like Romney pulls his own zippers.
LGA-DTW. Can it be I stayed away too long. Did I leave your mind when I was gone?
no pictures, you never document the chaos
LOOKING FOR SHOWS !!!
lol. My mom just caught me awake and flipped shit. Next joke please.
Fan&#39;s Take: Five Fantasy Baseball Stars from Friday, April 20
lol, Aw ! :* You get a kiss then
We've done a good thing people. Talk to u tomorrow.
That was Carlos! We love ya too! #BEARCATNATION RT : Who is this guy??? I love him!
my friend wrote on my wall each minute asking me if i was ready for boyfriend! YESS!! im so pumped!
Y'all make it a great day!
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
Playing at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ in a few hours
tired of network issues? contact lithiumnetworks
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
I can't watch and any more. The panels are like all the rest. He said she said speculation. Our press is a mess.
Damn you #daytona500 why won't you let me sleep!
Bride is so beautiful. & I kee having flashbacks to her helping me when I would babysit her. Such a thoughtful, unselfish woman. *sniffles*
Ah everyone is stay local and city fuck ac Ugh
LOL Bridge. He's gotta pass that one.
please follow back ?? ;**** it would mean so much! xoxo :]
already figured it out! Thank ya though! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0088>
Does info design mitigate conflict?
Me too! Im giving out applications!!
complex list on ny rappers...lol
Yeah but I have to say something because by then I'll probably have a pain in the ass son too.
Latter-Days should repurpose "All Along the Watchtower".
oh NO! error message while trying to purchase norah jones tickets. Missing password but none provided...HELP!!?
I need to work on my softball swing, tryna take some swings before the game?
tweeting and shopping at neimans on line sale-its a good day
#lasvegastours introducing new tours for 2012! Super fun tours from Las Vegas. Death Valley, Zion, Grand Canyon, Monument Valley and more!
One of my screenplays may have found its way into the right hands.
Wow went back to old stomping grounds St. Marks place. Got depressed then drunk. Why did I buy this cheesecake??
Thanks for having me! Great to meet you too. Look out, NYC, we're comin for ya.
RT Hello thank you for the follow ;)
i'm lighting obsessed at the moment, and the holidays have made me a candle hoarder.
i wonder what its like to kiss :)
Is the boxing match on tv?
LOL !!! ": turn off the sound and watch certain music videos,it looks like groups of people going crazy ..."
I always applaud Emma for wearing ruddy colors as a redhead. Liked Lana's dress, but the cape & lip color just weren't working.
would like to discuss how we can help schools with PLE in New York.
thanks bookie & I'll try!!!
this is true
why not
happy day of birth !
"Stop criticizing yourself" -Amelia Garrish #Thanks Mom
Y-Me cancer run with my mom!
Go organic its the way to stay healthy, love this:-)
Scheduling new lawyer career coaching clients.
thanks for the RT :)
Isn't it exciting! I just want to be traveling again!
man it was bad for the kid.
Having to take down a million things from my car #annoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Rip homeless man at mcdonalds
If the Ravens win today Flacco would be the 1st QB to win 50 games in his 1st four NFL seasons.
Our apologies for new users trying to register/login on Skillcenter. Of course technical complications sprouted on launch day.
Yeah we're having a lot of fun being on tour with rookie of the year and school boy humor!
Considering the tourists will have to walk past a Gehry building to get to The Chihuly site is funny. That building is alive.
Nice round today buddy! Hope you're having a blast.
as long as we stand with the bastard republican conservatives ruining this nation we are going to be called that
Great program. I didn't think I was going to be able to do the whole thing but I did! I love that it works w music on iphone! :)
Going to watch UP-W Metras in the 5pm hour today. I wonder if #132's going to pull an OB train on this line during that hour. Oh boy!
Shrimp dick? Bahaha. People in this pawn shop are crazy
HAPPY FOUR-TWENTY EVERYONE! SMOKE IT UP! :3 <3
What is the latest news about Selena? I heard a blood pressure test or something yesterday?
Let's go USA!!
i am at this point where i feel like i am really busy promising other people that i will get drunk with them.
Email me at and ill send you some songs. Just say "send songs" or tell me a little more about you. Singing to you Jay !
I stopped caring long ago about who the mother is on How I Met Your Mother.
The correct answer, now that I think about it, was not writing a massively inefficient method in the first place. Doh!
Yeah. Maybe it's just a season not for me and next year they move away from the stuff I found annoying/repetitive.
OMG ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!:O im SO jelly. You saw him in concert!!!! And he told you Happy Birthday in person. :O
Greetings on the Church New Year!
Post lots of pictures for your listings! Lack of picture(s) is a turnoff for buyers
Increase your security while on facebook - use https:// instead of http:// Keep in mind it will disable certain features, such as chat.
1 in 10 impacted by unemployment. That isn't Silicon Valley.
wait what do u mean?
... Purdue didn't help you do better handstands homie
Im on one
Hi Twitter! =)
This is the hardest 4-0 lead I've ever watched
today was pretty good(:
llab I had to try this shit out again....Facebook turning into myspace
I couldn't throw a ball n the ocean if I was sitting in a boat- Kobe Bryant Haha he went 0-12 before he hit his 3 baskets vs. the Hornets
Fuck all that planning shit/ run up in they crib and make them cats abandon ship
We are thrilled you could make it and hope you find the sessions interesting and productive.
You showed last night's crowd what grace in action looks like.
i don't disagree with u there but don't feed ppl bs about how u were a yankees fan for life when u used to go to O's gams
A level Film and Media Studies : Advanced Production: Task 1.4 ...
thnks 4 the inquiry. offers nationwide,24/7 rapid hiv tests,20 min results,in your home/chosen location www.tkno.org
its just a team i use for casuals.
on skype literally all night with the girlfriend.
cute picture :) you should consider making it your default.
And my suspicion deepens.
RT : The best things in life are not things. (via )
Responded to VACATE @ 729 East 217th St, Bronx, NY 10467 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Hurrah! RT #FF to the NEWEST members of : & So excited to have them on our team!
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is when he only talks to me when he's drunk, he tries to apologize for everything he's done. And wants to get back
Thanks for posting city state locations :)
#BrianSantryProbz the munchies ..
2 thumbs up for perspective
I am so sad Make it or Break it is over. What am I suppose to do on Monday's now??
Thanks for the years, hustle & memories. Good luck in GS and going forward.
wake up the weed is for
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
the wanted
You always have a way of sayin' or retweetin' ha! The right thing at the right time
Tomorrow is National Tequila Day- stop by for $2 Cuervo Gold shots, $3 Tradicional Silver shots and $5 Patron shots. All Day Long!
saw you on Ustream for the Ms America pageant! Great job!!! You looked beautiful Helen! :-)
So true! RT : Just because you understand industry, it doesn't mean your clients do. Write for them, not you.
I wonder what my tell is for when I feel Insecure? probably I juss get fidgety like when I feel anything other than comfortable.
oh bummer lol what did u do rebel
For the dummies who wore shorts today..: Bravo !!!
thanks for the follow! #tweet it up!
My best friend's from the Lake district. I hiked the Cleveland Way in 2000. Wonderful. Stayed in B&B's and met great folks
no it wasn't...I purchased it in Kenya
Sometimes it's hard for our parents to get their kids to school on time. Even if they're late, we make sure each student has breakfast!
Thank you, Kate!!
I am glad you enjoyed it! Thank you for the mention.
Uh i wish i never saw that video now im ina bad fucking mood
Happy Opening Day!!
The Big Picture : Kinda odd following posts from someone whose avatar photo came from iStockPhoto.com.
Just made a gigantic mess in the kitchen. Who's going to clean it up?
RT : The NURFC is offering a FREE workshop on community organizing. Interested? RSVP today to Katie at 513.333.7554
“: +1 to for using "Hot frothy ropes of man slime" in a Tweet.” Many thanks *takes bow
I just caught you on CNN, I appreciate you speaking out for justice and I'm a huge fan.
lol i am bored even tearsall falling down T.T
your bro gonna be in the Indy 500 this year? Anything in the works?
Heh. True. Sweet building, sweet location. RT: You have the attention of every real estate broker.
You're stuck with just us today......Pete is off, he's back at it tomorrow though!
Mayor : #Philly is the only U.S. city that has a Sister Cities Scholarship program
***Baby, oh baby, oh baby, my sweet baby, you're the one!***
love it!
Salute My Nigga!!!
I wanna be famous one day.
if all you wanted to wear was balloons you will be fly cuz thats what YOU wanted to wear and not what someone else is wearin. be you
Food is awesome at this hour! (:
The #FreedomSong has an amazing story and it would touch, heal, and inspire many to find that good in bad!
YES WE NEED TOO OR I THINK I MIGHT DIE?
ladies and gentlemen, mr conway twitty
Be creative. Open your mind.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 54
Newsroom is glued to right now. What will President Obama say?
I just want to be in the sun! SO unmotivated today.
Supposed to snow today:/ just great...
Need to start christmas shopping...
Thanks for coming out today! We're excited for the project!
As a foodie I thank you.
Haven't RSVP'd yet 4 our Frog's Leap Wine Dinner? Make ur reso & come enjoy an amazing 5 course dinner w/ great wine! C u @ d table!
"it's not until we feel distant from the problems, from our usual haunts, that the insight becomes obvious" Jonah Lehrer
Back in Texas. But I found my calling: Mountain Writer. It almost doesn't even matter what I write anymore. Almost.
Facebook just recommended Brian Zoubek as a possible friend of mine... given our mutual history, I can't say I agree. Nice try, Zuckerberg.
Attempting to find a way back to NJ sooner than the next avail flight ... which is Thursday.
good crowd
Awesome me too! We can be committee n00bs together! Congrats on graduating by the way! Now go read for fun.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. -- Lena Horne
Chicago is cold (y) but having dinner with the fam!
TELL MOMMA YO HURRY AND COME HOME!!!! haha
glad I could help you out!!!!! Hope you be joyed the fight.
Ann Hood quoting Grace Paley: Ev story is 2 stories - the external one & the internal one. Climax is when they collide.
Watching Aimachi rehearse!!
....or something.
"It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it." ~Julia Child
You rocked my world moderating the American Horror Story panel last night! I feel so lucky to witness all that magic in person!
prep yourself.... It's happening
what u think of Nick?
Happy Holidays, Liz! I hope you are doing well. :)
This is one of them nights when I wish I was off.
Hey Padma Lakshmi how can u deny your daughter the right to have her fathers name on her birth certificate? Choice isnt self-serving dearie.
totally do-able! You'll fly through the books.
a character I would love to see get hit by a bus.
I got my Scentsy starter kit today so I'm all set to go. Anybody want a Scentsy catalog?????
Thanks for the RT.
What's amazing and funny and beautiful all over? !!
Happy April or january or, whatever.
I don't get how people are afraid of clowns
May get a sun burn while waiting outside court for Jennifer Hudson
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 10
Good morning everyone
1st: student presentation on economics of "A League of Their Own": baseball as a public good: non-excludable, non-rivalrous.
the fish reach & nab ryan tannehill at #8. delicious fish.
What does this new shift in living alone mean for the future, ? Listen within the hour...and ALOUD 2mrw nite
i dont know all that entails..but im gonna go ahead and say HYFR
looks like we are gonna give everyone more time to plan, it's gonna be in May after graduation. Everything is booked for SB
I thought I was never good enough for you. It turns out you weren't good enough for me.
Wow, D Rose.
": One of the PRETTIEST people I follow is >>>" that's so sweet :-)
Doppleganger Dirge has us lost in Boston. Awesome!
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Startin Fresh On Da Twitter Game. Chillin, Recorded 2 New Trackz With and Working On One With Plus Da 2 Solos
Stopping at Starbucks on the way to school :)
get ready for from should be a good
hm this ice cream is about to hit the SPOT
Hope it's great! :)
Village at St. Peter&#39;s Housing Presented by the Diocese of Camden Celebrates Occupancy
you can color your hair when your preggo I did it and my mother and mother in law know how to do hair and all<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> leave snooki alone
Danielle Aubert presents from the Center for Abandoned Letterhead project, a collection and catalog of disused corporate letterhead.
How we don't say bye anymore
Inhale the good shit exhale the bulllllshit
May 16th 2012 is the day they free my homeboy YB aka "Byron Bars" its been 2years my nigga and u kept it 100 for all of em
I'm at Monkey Bar (60 E. 54th St, Madison & Park, New York).
good idea! Thanks!
I need to go shopping. All my clothes are too big on me now.
Not looking forward to school tomorrow! -_-
Hi Daniel, hope all is well ~ Tony
It's #FF Celeb Style. Follow one of my favorite actors ! He's trying to reach 100k.
- Glad to hear from you. Will definitely look you up for lunch in the near future.
lmao you're just as bad sometimes bro
that would have been too much... *pause* ...actually, no. It wouldn't have been.
Did Theresa win a chipotle lunch again?
So many people adding me daily that its hard to keep up.. If you added me to your home brewing circle, I'll try and get through all the...
followers of ---> NOW follow
Woah? Natl Margarita Day? How did we miss that one? Oh well, we'll celebrate 2day ;) RT Yesterday was Natl. Margarita Day...
he keep fucking forgetting what he teach tf trying be a English teacher nshit. Bitch u teach gym!
Thank you thank you thank you, good sir! Ah! The finale was perfect. You know what I'm talking about. Chuck and Blair. <3
#FF to & ! Follow for info on upcoming events like tonight’s launch of #WonderlandFridays. Be there @ 9!
all that sounds awesome but replace boyfriend with a girl then it would be better!
Watching Matilda with takes me back!
what's your real name ....
Pietrus looked solid in warm ups. With short bench he could have some openings.
When we hear 's vocals bounding though every hall of the Simmons Center, we know it's going to be a good night.
Create Commons 4 R's - reuse, redistribute, revise, remix.
Sounds interesting. I might just have to give it a Twhirl! Ha, sorry, I Just couldn't avoid the pun!
see you then. Bring your appetite.
How do you define #YFE ?
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, And they're like, It's better than yours, I can teach you, But I have to charge.
This place is going crazy. Raffle tickets almost sold out. 32 teams #ManDiego thank you for hosting
Spring Fashion 2012: done. Time for sleep. Link forthcoming.
I had a beautiful dream with austin Mahone
Working on a new big band chart on my tune that I debuted on my recital 2 weeks ago: Lit by Lightning for the IfCM big band reading...
I feel safer on the interwebs knowing we've got grammar nazis like yourself on the job waiting to pounce on every missed comma
Dude from lady antebellum needs to button it up one. C'mon bro.
Because of Jimmy Conrad, right?
Count down to the big move! I hope everything goes well and as planned.
You forgot someone. His name is !!!!
we still need to build! But thanx for making it rain blunts in Long Beach!
Please RT: Check out the official video for Matt's Song! If you love face melting guitar solos this is it! good enough for ?
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
is currently posting the best 140-character-or-less reviews of the art in their gallery for tonight.
#NMRealEstate Rates jumped up a bit last week. Seems they are trying to adjust back down. We are talking .250. Not much.
The day I stop making fun of myself is the day I quit life.
Thanks for the feedback. We've got some new stuff coming soon. Thanks for watching!
you kick ass
Didn't realize there was canned Rochester hot sauce. This changes everything.
GO FLYERS!!! Another great game.
i still need to receive one more thing, I think xD
On the road to Jersey
RT : After hearing Jim Irsay call Peyton a "politician," Rob Lowe now reporting that Manning has entered race for Rep. nomin ...
I just lol'd at that convo.
We <3 Design! Can't wait to see you!
Congrats sister , named Sorority President of the Year at !
Spanish Town formerly known Santiago de la Vega is the largest city in Jamaica and has several monuments historic buildings.
Good! We have a lot in common! ;)
checking emails and social networks
Aw, the end of an era! Good luck to you both!
When I wanna go to bed I think about so much stuff and can't fall asleep
Is it bad that I actually went and found one of the songs the dude at the retreat played today and bought it on iTunes?..
It was 2 years ago, and we all had on our #NASATweetup training wheels. Thx & for the inspiration.
and there must be vitamin c with that fresh citrusy after taste. Great now I have to go to the store... ;)
BRET STEPHENS WHY WON'T YOU HIRE ME!???!?!????!????? I JUST GOOGLED "WHO WAS THE PRESIDENT IN 1956?" I SWEAR I KNOW THE ANSWER!!!!
The #TX16 debate is organized by a great group of Coronado High students called We (Fill in the Blank).
Teaching and learning. Okay, Obama, this is an issue touchy for me...don't mess this up!
Hey Portland!! Thanks for the most rocking, festive & incredible VegFest ever!! Portland is absolutely the best place to live Live & Vegan!
Tell her you'll take her shopping at Crystals mall at City Center. Done deal.
Diners are the best place for breakfast :D
2 Big Events: MEGATON & SUMMER JAM
i missed life on murs last week so had to see it this week! loving it! so excited to see you in april next year!
This song is getting closer and closer to being done.
nice! I had one for 3. It's crazy!! Haha
Lincoln Lawyer is good
whoops! Our bad, maybe they should join teams and hit up Eastville about a David to David explosion show
and also to eat more bread.
she commented on it saying "I'll kill ya" lol
AJ Jenkins? I guess we'll see
likewise & thanks! Take care.
Tough one, I would say Harvard Yard & One Charles. recently profiled them both on her blog.
The greatest Prophetic demonstration is your love for God's people
thank you very much for including me!
Got an extra #smashingpumpkins ticket. Anyone need one? $40
Happy Mother's Day to all Curtin mothers....may you have a wonderful, restful day!
Hahaha! I like best the stuff about what ad people have done at holiday parties. :-)
We are officially in #Milwaukee! Hope to hear from everyone soon!
you get overly wasted at every jamboree
You know there were people getting yelled at because they were late and made their friends miss that 1st Rangers goal.
Loving your pix of incredible #India!
#ifihadthepower I would make gas prices lower
Barely slept. Woke up every 30-45 minutes to look at the clock. Massively nervous. 3 points please lads.
sorry to hear that, did you atleast get anything for Valentines day?
Who wants Ault and Thundersticks back?
Maurice Sendak :( RIP
I grew up there... Beauful place to visit. Have fun!
#heartoftexas medals are in! ARC members can pick them up in the office. Out-of-towners, your medals have been mailed to your clubs
Thanks for the suggestions!
Sorry about the delayed reply about your good wishes for my good health after my gall bladder surgery. Todah rabah!
thanks for following Our kids exercise device , 123GoTV was just featured on TV on the NBC News 4 Your Health.
Omg just had the most random, fucked up dream ever.
I didn't give up. I let go.
aww thank you <U+2665> love you too!!!!!
never a bad meal to be had when you're around. Must keep the streak going!
"I Am The Messenger" by
Where you live is NOT as important as the WAY that you live.
The question is... will you go?
is gonna prank Beliebers back... Haha
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY MIKE JONES CAN I GET AN AUTOGRAPH....LOLL
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 2:30 PM using Waze - Drive Social
2 Big Games tonight! NCAA B-Ball and LoCash Texas Holdem. Stop on By. JC
It's the annual budget dance. Spoiler alert: it will be balanced on paper!
i was just thinking about shows i could get addicted to over the summer, and you reminded me of 90210.
You're welcome! =)
Off to the Borgata all week, is at another casino in AC, should be fun times!
do you
Completely #addicted to the app. How can I get myself some more followers?
A3: Careful what you wish for. Promoted tweets/sponsored hashtags bring out negative feedback and/or hijacking. Use caution.
I ALWAYS win :)
San Francisco is not fun and fair and as mayor I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes th
LA,CA- need models for hiphop video. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
i'm 1/2 through it...and so far I agree with your assestment. #FYI ...photo taken with the iPad....
Taurus~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ What makes you beautiful <3
Lebron is about to win his first ring!
Locked out!:0
I better go hide then.
It's just as well. Normal.doc won't carry custom caption labels. What can I say.
Someone is reading Goffman across the coffeeshop from me and looks depressed. I want to intervene.
Does mother know you weareth her drapes?
Bout To Pass Out Finna Go To Bed!!!!!!!!!
Can Friday afternoon get here faster?
Highly disappointed as a
Welcome to the team. Hope your first week is great!
While I see what he means, he should probably not say anything since I'm sure there were Rays fans in the same boat a little bit ago.
Wake & bake! Happy 420 #stoners paradise
Are you still tweeting! OMG! You should be #dancing or #singing or enjoying some #comedy! go on! I won't tell anyone you were here! ;)
check your top secret email!
If she doesn't have one already, hair care deal for Viola Davis stat
we would love nothing more! Thanks for the suggestion! ;)
that made my day holy crap I'm drooling.
not at all. I'm an only child and my dad and both sets of grandparents died when I was younger
Hi Tim!
Omg Survival of the Fittest??? Taking me back. Young bucks don't know that.
Never Shying Away from Grilling the Unusual, Pork Barrel BBQ Grill’s Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10.1 on Today’s Episode of ...
Hey NYPL! Fellow librarian on hold waiting to ask specifically to about electronic database access - got a better number I can call?
#fifa12 #xbox accepting challenges
we did. We love our boys!
Just added to the vendor list for the Sherwood Center! Shout out to Brianne :)
Learn more about #whymentor now with the ! Try the signature burger.
Thanks - so much to learn. Starting small with some herbs and light composting.
I love all my friends and family!
much love g cant wait till 4 20 im settin shit up for it now its gonna be money
NEVER mistake someone's silence for weakness. No one plans a murder out loud!
So fuckin rad. I wasn't sure how they'd be live but they killed. Second only to seeing Clinic @ MPLS's 7th Street.
Is one time set up of off grid (i.e. non-FB) account worse than wearing FB ankle bracelet?
T-shirts have became canvasses for images and messages.
I wanna live off that tot money $$$$$
accidentally put my phone in airplane mode.....
Post is back up and running today after a much needed break. Every once and awhile it's good to step away.
Total war with the Observers. I'm find with this storyline. They've been the X factor through it all. I need to know more about them
Waiting for my salad to come. So damn hungrryy!
kick Thursdays ass!
our #aprilwish is for phenomenal gigs!! Stay posted for great live music venues!!
looks awesome!
You bet Sean. Nice work!
your such a baby! :) I always forget your younger than me ;)
and rather than settling for just anything, Boomers should consider jobs abroad so that they can travel & work at same time.
What is the maximum number of hits a baseball team can have in one inning without scoring a run?
Birthday this Saturday ^.^ can't wait !!!
haha. you jerk. Daddy usually cuts the grass, but he's booked with meetings so I had to do it. IT SUCKED!! Pic. coming soon
so hungry -.- can you make me some Kraft Dinner LOL :D
That's true. And the earnestness, the passionate need to get it right. Can't wait to see what general population makes of it.
All made up, tome to shoot...
up 21 to zip @ the half!
HEY HEY HEY TODAY IS DERBY DAY COME ON IN LADIES !!! WE HAVE DRESSES, TOPS , ROMPERS 4443 CANERUN ROAD
You can do better than that, right? That was JV tonight...You are VARSITY
I prefer Holiday. Holidays represent to me Thanks giving through New years-> multiple holidays
#chucknorris jokes never get old. My boys keep me in a fresh supply.
Did We Lose Likes ?
Did anyone else get a pro-tea party robocall yesterday? Bad enough when your friends subvert the do-not-call registry , but now . . .
Happy Mother's Day to all of you incredible moms for tackling the toughest job in the world, raising healthy and productive children
....Ion like football, cuz ion get it....but i just wanted to tweet ----> #superbowl because of the football icon lol
Sometimes it makes complete sense to sit in the rain without an umbrella. Chin up, arms out.
; Omg . This one guy just texted me like 7 times while I napped for an hour . Effin stalker !
Thank you! Happy Holidays
Apparently $28 million is. RT : No price too high for a big time QB. Can't win without one
the space is looking better n better ;) cant wait to relaunch
RT : Warning - the latest Kindle update for iPad. Broken and won't let you to change settings.
Please prepare for tomorrow as it is THE NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER... much to pray for...
from where?
Mobile #pubmedia visitors: more likely to bounce b/c they're more focused in their visits. More likely to be new visits.
I think when they do that they are trying to build a clientele. Get you in the door with a discount and hope you come back.
good morning Jeff!! Thanks I will!!
I hate flics where nerds get hot chics, I like when nerdy chics get made over in2 hot chics ha! Nevermind me, back 2 rappedy rap hippedy hop
Never say never - Armin Van Buuren. Sex to my ears! <3
Sorry about that.
Today, I feel like, is gonna be a good day c:
Tomorrow Chicago native music duo Maverick & T will be here to perform a Free rush hour concert! Come join us!
thank you darling happy
Griner is unreal.
Happy Birthday to the one and only ! You are a blessing in my life! Happy Mother's Day too!!
South Park or Family Guy?
#jcdl2012 submission... submitted. But that doesn't mean I won't think up a new title before midnight.
put me through a tough work out at the gym yesterday! That man is a beast. "If your not super setting, your not working out!"
so good! i steal for facebook, yes? i speak like this always, yes?
#Bruins, #Canucks, #Wings, #Sharks, #Hawks, #Pens all out in 1st round. Wow. #NHL and hopefully tonight
Come on reason 6.5 needs to come out already.
See you here! :) RT : Who wants to go to Lynard Skynard with me at tonight?
Potentially nasty winter blast for you guys: Mix changing over to heavy, wet snow. Think spring, though! It's one month away!
Stop on through soon!
#BachelorMonday with the lovely
THIS SATURDAY! An evening of jazz at Eldorado High School with The Albuquerque Jazz Orchestra and special guest, jazz pianist Alan Pasqua.
Nope. Hopefully he can come on later in the second half. Probably will if we cant score a goal in the next 30 mins
and happy birthday.
Innonim's rehearsal looks amazing!
Yup...he's not coming. It's been an hour.
check ya dm
I had no idea man....never had any skills, but I do love watching the game!...lol
Great commercial shoot yesterday north of Pittsburgh. Heading out to emcee the Homegrown Hoosier Film Festival today from 10am till midnight
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
Taking care of my life seriously... <3
i was excited to meet your bro and when ur dad said i could and ditched me...it made me cry like alot
Saints just got the NFL version of the Death Penalty. Harsh.
Good night all - thanks for organizing this chat! Best, Mark
I'm encountering lots of silly #twats today!
REMINDER: We are CLOSED until the NEW YEAR! Merry Christmas!
Wife's a teacher & on maternity. The other day 1 of her parents mailed us Nutella cookies. Eatin them now, thinkin about the 3 mil.
Thanks for supporting Latino chat today!
Yes, and a lot of good beer. Will have news re Barley's Angels for you after this.
Awesome! Glad you like. :)
haha whys that?
Weres The Show Going To Be Located At In New Jersey??
#happy4thofjuly I hope you are enjoying the Fireworks!
Watching 16 & pregnant and saw what my mom had to go through. Damn...
British colonial/African relations in South Africa are not identical to White/Black relations in the United States.
Why am I always not right?
lol :-) I surviving u babe??
Yes…I understand that. I look forward to next year.
Sunset Cove Amphitheater, you were golden! Thank you for having us along with the World War 3 Tour! #dreamcatcher facebook.com/iatfofficial
Man wishes Clemens good luck as the former pitcher arrives in court for his perjury trial. "Thank you buddy," Clemens replies.
Let's do it! What are you trying to get trending? The hashtag #AlicePyne?
Thanks for the RT! Will we see you Sunday?
The Bava: Universities a place to think about the future but a protected place to think about our culture
<=== I can't wait to spend the weekend with my Love!!! #LGBT <U+2665>
Swollen throat, stuffy nose, and lung ravaging cough. Just awesome.
Woo hoo Glee and Justin on The Voice tonight! Glad i have no homework :P
I wish I could take away the pain & make the decisions for you, but I can't.
I can think of very few things less interesting than thousands of emails from palin
Just got done with Workouts
Yoga, then vintage clothes shopping. Salesgirl thought I was crazy when I made a fuss about preserving the 1970s Joseph Horne's hang-tag :)
SAT word of the day: conundrum (n.) puzzle, problem
Was getting him and Milsap for Wade and Lowry
Week in Words - Wall Street Journal
I just woke up from my nap went... fell asleep at 530
Wait, are you coming over to Tuna? I thought I may be going out by you today
its alright love, just text me when you can, and CONVINCE them!!
M83 sounded awesome live last night, don't get me wrong but to have a full band & still having everything sequenced is pretty weak.
where u from cutie
I just landed a new/better house and a new/better job in consecutive days. So obviously, I must have cancer.
CURRIED MOBILE Food Truck TODAY: Dearborn between Monroe/Madison from 11am-2pm!!! Now you know what you're eating for LUNCH!!!
"Read your labels" absolutely applies here.
gr. you have to click on my picture to see my face xD oh well
that's even funnier since Romney is Mexican! (don't tell his constituency)
Walk-in-interview for Research Associate, CTCRI, Trivandrum, Kerala
Mostly..it's my uniform I am always on call. ready to host at any given moment :)RT : Are you ALWAYS in a suit? :)
We had a special guest today, Conan O'Brien!
I'm at the doctor right now trying not to faint. I hate all these machines and smells and sick people :(
Last Wednesday show of the semester tonight! Tune in at 8pm PST on USC Channel 8.1 and www.trojanvision.com!
That's not the intro I made though...hmph.. Irie
RT : That is awesome! I will be starting a new job with u guys in just over a week. <you picked a winner, welcome!
Love the late night visits to Spirits! The buildout is progressing nicely!
john, expert advice in gb. burgers at krolls just west of stadium. absolute best ever, anywhere anytime. enjoy.
Okay, I could do this. I could gain all interest back on twitter.c,:
pick up lines...haha:)
We all know love, and it is so easy to meet its loss with rage, at the unfairness... but none of us deserved that love.
just a certain someone :)
If u happy
Lmao! If you took it that way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I was holding it in. Wind is scary!
Many North Jersey folks, including my siblings, were rangers fans before Devils existed. But they don't hold office
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>always count on my love forever more<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I'm a lesbian.
#Oscar party with friends, cocktails, and themed treats. I took Movie popcorn In Black and White truffle oil. Guess what I picked to win!
funny , the Detroit bailout was a real bust wasn't it? How silly a thought.
yoda is my dude!
Well-rested and ready to conquer the day.
So apparently I missed some Tommy Heinsohn meltdowns by barely watching Games 1 and 2
Gosh , I'm too damn AGGRAVATED <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
is so cutee :)
I am watching NOW! Thanks....
S/O to for the follow
I love your Cs as well.
I've never felt so close to God as when I'm living in sin. -- Harwood, Episode 8 (coming soon)
cant wait til tomorrow. party for my bff shit gonna be fun!!!
John works tues-sat from noon til close
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
id understand if the game was broken or something nothing wad ever promised by the company except an ending to shepards story
Q1: time is so important that they don't even follow any design model.
RT : Tough loss but we need you against PHX friday...and thank you for your support, you guys are the best
I didn't think animatronic mascots could get creepier than the Downy Snuggle bear. The torch has been passed to the Carfax Car Fox.
lol its kay at home haha
We have a free show in San Fran coming up :)
I wanna see Avengers!!!!!
That's what's up...Is that the overseas tour?
Field trip to...Indiana?
Cuddling > work
Do you have some time to chat next week? We'd love to share with you early about our big update rolling out on 4/1. Thanks!
It took a few days, but I'm now officially scrolling the wrong way more often in Snow Leopard than I am in Lion.
you guys definitely deserve it :)
WANTED: Extra Arm's or Legs. Christmas cost me both lol
Devastating. #Bulls RT : Which two words completely destroy the mood of all sports fans? "Torn ACL."
Tie score in Bean Town...the 76ers are in trouble. Let's Go Celtics!
haha! that would be awesome, right?!
Not enough space. Mentioned it in last editorial, at time of council vote.
Get free shipping off ALL orders placed thru the end of February...use coupon code "FEBFREESHIP"
Another screen.
Yep! Still here! It will be 2 years in June! LOVE it!! Come visit soon:)
if you are nice to them or not. “: On what?
Vitamin "H" time...
How many games are you going to win on the road when you are outshot 41-17? If Pekka Rinne is on...a lot of them
#1dvdcaptioncomp #1dvdforme "it's a bird! it's a plane! nope it's another bra"
Just one of those "coffee & a book" kinda Sundays.
I can probably find someone to record something for you. Just let me know. :)
Okay, trying not to freak out, but REALLY, New York? Tornados and blizzards don't scare me. Earthquake? Fine. But now a hurricane? Come on!!
:-) Good on you Peter!
Congrats to A SEPARATION. I can't wait to see it and all I've heard of it is nothing but raves. It opens Friday!
OH YOU GIRLS HUSH haha #NoOnesFluffyOrF!
but if sentiment is CBB is down, you're not wrong. USA today profiled that nicely a few Fridays back.
Brand Nubian - Slow Down
I hope he throws up on you first too
If pronk's going to leave his jersey unbuttoned, he should forgo the undershirt.
I just think people abuse it for self-loathing reasons, and I really just don't want to be a part of a community like that.
Need to get back on p90x
“ Can they really feel like this is an accomplishment tho?”
Dreaming of you #Selena will always be the Shit :)
thanks for following back! Lets pass the DREAM Act this year!
Thanks to the great Lynda S. for getting me on here...now what do I do? I can't keep saying "No Soup For You" L.T
It makes me mad cause I've seen like twenty pictures of all these girls with their boyfriends, and I'm over here with my cat..
*spinning in computer chair* ,"CIRCLES WE GOING IN CIRCLES. DIZZY IS ALL IT MAKES US."
and on the seventh day, we found a liquified potato, and it was gross.
Thank you! :D
My voice is horse and I love it!!! #raspy&sexy Rawr!
but it's so easy to do if you use the word "inflammable" in both senses!
I suck at driving. It is amazing I don't wreck every day. In fact, I am driving right now...
Coughing up a lung
Is Churchill Downs closed tomorrow? Anyone? Anyone? 'D-O-O economics. Voodoo economics.'
Things Target Field needs: rowdier fans, who don't clap *only* when the video board tells them to.
And what was the librarian's response?
sigh (: take a picture for me!
"The distance from this sentence to your eye is my sculpture." ~ Ken Friedman, Fluxus Score 1971
I feel some type of way since you didn't tell me you miss me too though. Lol
it's internal bruising
On the redline
Let's get this weekend started :D
nice. I got the iPhone 4! Your right it's so awesome!
Robs party tonight in wrigleyville. So pumped.
#prayforportugal , don't really know why... ish
That's pretty funny. But, I'll do us all a favor and say no to that one.
That show...Wow...I'm speechless!
Is There Any Plans For A Store To Open Up In Alaska?
Nice! RT : Canucks fans seem to really like and respect Gary Bettman.
I think there may be more twitter feeds devoted to Sacramento job openings than there are available jobs.
Thanks for helping spread the word about Landscape Architecture Month!
not yet i am still waiting for food lol
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
ohh and i like original songs.. not remixes..
Yeah! Just figured out how to change my background on Twitter! Now, do I need to update with new books every month?
Sleep - you need to play Jerusalem in its entirety
a beastie boys classic
fuck i have really bad chest pains :(
RT Downtown Nashville. With #MistaD, #Slick Nick, #Habib Musica. Just got done renting all the equipments for the music vi
A) I'm leaving NKY/Cincy for a few days. B) I need a new city to visit soon. C) "All I wanna know is, who's comin with me?..."
my mom said that there's really no bad seats at jones beachh, so it'll be fiine
Built up anger. I must expel it... But how?
I concede that Dick Cheney is more progressive on the pressing issue of building a Death Ray to steal a giant diamond.
About To Trade My Dre Beat Headphones For My Boys Skullcandy Hesh's...Dre Beats Suck When It Comes To Mixing!
thanks chef
no i was asking what did igomezgang tweet selena that c got so many hate tweets..:(
Wad ya win?!
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself.-- Dr Phil
Woo... Working out like a gymnast is no joke! SD6 Live
Totally unique
What is your favorite version of poker?
I just finished mine too! :P
watching the IU vs whatever-ridiculous-other-team game #IUBB of course we are winning.
I need someone to text or call me.
#InstantTurnOn Wet hair
Ha ha ha! VEE are going to PUMP YOU UP!! Yah!
dad's finally got a ting for American Idol <3
Any ideas on when it will be released? Hope its soon =)
The hardest part of problem-solving is making sure you know what the problem really is.
I just slept until 5? Oh boy, not good...
Going to see tonight!! #PlotYourEscape #NOLA!!!! Thanks Richard!!
The Chicago Bulls the best team in the NBA regular season.... And that's about it!! What a joke!!
thanks for the articles on menacing cloud. great stuff.
How did you manage with little sleep? I enjoyed you on ustream! I had a blast.
This old woman in front of me had a scratchoff & I saw that she won 50 dollars but she didn't see so she ripped it up :O I shoulda told her
The intricacies of citations are very annoying
+1 RT : "I can't wait to see my friends' drunken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!" -- Nobody
Sqeee! Looks like the man crush goes both ways. RT : you are amazing.
thanks for the quick response
Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar!!!!!!
SEUL neighborhood assoc. rep says her volunteers are tired & frustrated that CompPlan must be completed in 18 mos.
- in the mean time i need to be working on getting my license.
hahahhahahah pretty obvious that something like that would happen lol :P you and your friends are crazy hahahaha
eww why so much make up is this real
THanks for the RT!
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
cool photo, like the license plate!
icant stop laughing bout that
U could never spell
Nothing would make me happier than an algorithm for journalism. We could turn our attention to acting on it.
every one liner out of his mouth was perfect
Congrats to , , and Norm Lewis on
You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers. Les Brown
Good Morning ;)
I'm assuming that equates to "Second tier of non-champ players"? (Malone being in first-tier?) How about Melo v Kemp?
hahaha I will! Just for shits and gigs.
OMG~I thought I was the only one out there that paid attention to Disney TV~I know that is naive! I love the mom on there!
my mother kills me when she takes the long way everywhere we go.
600 miles of the roughest weather I have ever driven through...but here I are!!!
RT : We recently tried the turkey bacon and everyone loved it! So much better for us!
HA! your fvrt gal --> “: “: Happy Mother's Day, sweet lady!” right back atcha!!!!! Xoxo”
What would Mitt appointment him: Sec. Of State?, HHS?
The similarities were subtle, and maybe I was just imagining them :)
Haha what more when yer drunk??? That was awesome! I love Canadians!
HECK YES WE ARE
accelerated downward spiral
psh, that's old hat.
Troy , you are just a skid mark on the underpants of America!
thanks for helping to spread the word!
The typical American diet is highly acidic, containing a lot of red meats and refined carbs. Balance your diet with alkaline food and drink.
Turns out i'd rather work for those in the hood than those in the country club any damn day.
that is silly.Pawan is class apart from the rest of that family. I don't endorse anyone except Pawan in that clan.
Checkin' out #civil twilight at schubas!
lets collab asap
...as he has not personally endured sexual violence himself. As a result, he sees in one dimension - his own.
Thought of the day: The guy who discovered milk.what was he doing with the cow???
Harleys and police sirens should be illegal at 5am...
Half a dozen Because "six" is way too long.
#Rangers clinch the Eastern Conference
haha what did you do for 10k?
That's awesome
Good and you? Thanks for the follow.
RT : Winter Fares are here! Book by Jan 31 for fares from $1,058 * r/t to S. Africa incl. all taxes (some restr. apply)...
pa,no me hables a la mañana,soy capas de pegarte con el teclado.¿OK?
bless you.
I LOVE YOU ! even if u dont text me :(
Happy Star Wars Day everyone ! May the Fourth be with You....!
is on twitter! Huzzah!
at penn brew u 2012. i might be an alcoholic.
Good Luck To The team in Dallas today!!! lets make it happen!!!!!! SOLAR CARPORTS! solar is hot!
Equity futures are lower and bonds are better on Wednesday morning as investors await key indicators on employment...
Yes, laughter would be good about now (and so would lemondrops).
give me pizza or give me death!
android sucks!
they are missing out on the fun lol
Just got my google voice invite.
Even non-Nevada residents can use the laws of Nevada to improve their estate plans.
What will the hashtag be for ACRL 2013 Conference? Do you know yet? I don't see it in your Twitter feed.
Woo hoo! I just shared this link w/ alums from my book publishing grad program. Would LOVE to hear more about Writter.ly sometime.
Boriquas!!!! Love michael buffer!
i told her & she says AWWW MY KASEY! hahaha girls! and thanks for telling her happy birthday! it made her happy!
DamnItsTrue-When a girl says "whatever", she really means: "I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!"
Taking my MIL on tour of Chicago chocolate shops today with Two chocolate junkies, coming through!
Thanks so much !
Can't sleep
Courage is what it takes 2 stand up & speak; courage is also what it takes 2 sit down & listen. ~ Winston Churchill
I didn't go very far, & it went so-so...the snow is to deep for my snow tires
Yeah, I did. Didn't you?
Awesome... RT : I just saw a double rainbow <U+E44C><U+E44C>
How to make your iPhone crash: 1) Download hundreds of apps. 2) Wait until you have 83 updates available. 3) Press "Update All" in App Store
haha i guess we shall see
Ahh! Thanks. Happy
Last night's post-game victory lap by Giants players at Lambeau should provide plenty of motivation for next year's season.
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm weird, I always have headache, I love chocolate, The Beatles and right now I really want to sleep.
Austria = Cat's future home?
I'm thanks and u? Which Amy is this btw?
They only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about
Damn the colony is so ghetto...
I am often perplexed how some women feel they can ignore child support orders and think there's no consequence.
<U+266C> 1991 Mark Knopfler's Dire Straits re-formed to tour for two years, they were booked to play 300 concerts. songs Inc: "Sultans of Swing" <U+266C>
1/2way through Morning Glories Vol 2~ This book is riveting! Best read since Y the Last Man, shaping up 2B what Lost never was: a good story
Let's try this again
The Good Son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood was the #1 movie on this day in 1993. Creepy.
that's so rad thanks man!
long time no talk :( how are you beautiful? :)
I guess you aren't following me on Twitter anymore either... :(
I'm obsessed with celery and peanut butter.
Name the famous movie with "pizza" in the title- who will tweet us the answer first??
Spending the last week using only my tablet has led me to the conclusion that I actively hate my desktop.
#idol - Elise made a great song choice. The performance was so cool and just dead on.
Working on another Instructional Video for your collection. We will have links coming soon to our web page.
I can't express how content I am about how my acting journey is moving along!! It's incredible what being "focused" & "proactive" attracts!
yusssss.. yeah joe im up for it. good shout. ill set it up now. any1 i should exclude, this time around??
Congrats to for being our 200th followers! $20 of cleaning goes to you, good sir! DM us for details.Any suggestions for 300th?
afternoon is purrrrrfect.
EVERYONE SHUT UP THE BATTLE DUO! :c
I agree. I think I'll head to the rink now. Oh wait...I live in Atlanta.
thankful for christmas album.. the holidays are complete.
It doesn't take a school to be considered educated -_- so why you still so dumb when there's a library full of books?
The Astroaria Easter Offer continues thru the very merry month of May. Find out what the Solar eclipse of May 20 brings you
“: Green Line: Expect residual delays to Greenbelt due to an earlier train malfunction at Anacostia.” now they tell me.
Aww I hope she feels that way <3
a car ran over your glasses?! stfu.
#ghlive lights off and watching this, kinda creepy but i cant turn away
I prefer cold weather over hot and humid!!!!
My head is bruuuuuuuuuiised. Ouch
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11! $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
I would like to try sub-editing fiction with experienced editor who'd get me started.
if I found em I woulda smoked all of em at the same time ... Ur lucky we don't know eachother
do you use these? It seems like people would get really mad
Even though I didnt like the seclusion part... I miss y'uns :(
There is a magazine called "Garden & Gun"
lol I bet
now turn those lights giants colors
The most thing I heat in my life and I will not forgive any one to do is lie I heat lie !
After a great victory and a hard fought race I hope everyone is having some much deserved time with family.
he got a twitter crush on o girl ass her face is super below avg
Why is it this hot !?!?
Santorum drops out of the GOP race!
if only nathan would go for it:P
a moth just landed on my computer
volunteering for nten this afternoon and helping them pack. Will prob be at info desk i will let u know!!
Post-it notes, notebooks, Evernote. Basically every where. I'll put post-its on a physical calendar to schedule writing
Well, I'll gain your love again guys. I promise you that.
And now I have to go after school to finish a test tomorrow yippee..........not
I feel terrible for you. Getting paid to watch games & design sports pages? It's not like you'd do that for free or anything.
was it close the whole game? Did they have a shot to win it?
Love to cook. Tomorrow's nothing fancy. Glorified French dip sandwiches.
Does anyone else on twitter feel like they are being followed?
#Brewers loss + & = Jacque's win!!! Fun night. Again, again!!
Oh crap. I already read this on Facebook!
thanks for your passion for wonderful art that belongs to the people. Great tour last night!
Laker fans always calling somebody a hater..! Lol
RT : I wish today was friday
Preparing my old messenger bag to be my new man-purse.
on the ultimate beer run.
So keep ya head up ^.^
Waiting in line to get tonight's poster, 4 people ahead of me #yemsg. Looking for an extra
the witches and warlock bash tonight at retreat nightclub nyc. 37 w.17 street betw. 5 & 6 avenues. no cover. costume or all black attire;)
Oh my god, lady. Looks like Anti-Superbowl is a huge success!
Too many couples think the language of love is clever banter & cute put downs. Build a reservoir and fill it with positive deserved praise.
I don't fully support #Kony2012, but part of me wants to participate in Cover the Night just to see how Danes do activism.
dang, College Humor is killing that category.
O lol cool I'm going to go get that app lol
Only for Christopher Nolan will I drive 15 min out of my way to work. But I have prepared an invoice for gas. Next time send the batmobile.
#funfact A three-hour ballet performance is roughly equivalent to two 90-minute soccer games back to back or running 18 miles.
The Iphone God's are with me today!!! My phone is found and will be in my hands by 12pm!!! Rock it out!
RT AMEX allowing users to sync Twitter w/ credit card accounts is just awesome. #Hashtags = Coupons. Yet another Twitter use
the website is coming along, and you guys are going to like it. especially the FREE ALBUM
I've been missing you lately, because you live so far away.
Coffee is the ONLY thing getting me through this day!!
And the four right chords can make me cry. When I'm with you, I feel like I could die, and that would be alright
What is this? Some formal day or something at blue Mesa? Gatdang college kids
GSEA Fashion Group is giving you a sneak peak! Stay tuned!
Of course! Still have yet to see you this semester :(
Women will sell there souls just to buy some attention -Wale
Feel of rain on your sunburn = excellent; feel of New Yorkers stabbing their umbrellas into your sunburn = :'(
I think that's SOP for many countries. "open borders if you're unlikely to use our safety net" is stingy but not neces. problematic
any advice 2 help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?PLEASE REPLY! Ive been trying for 2wks for you 2reply. Pls get on
We got lots of rain and unexpected snow! We're still waiting for our sunrises to be less grey :)
We've all heard it enough AT.
Instead of #YOLO I'm probably going to start saying
RT : Why is it that when you take government off my back you put it into my lady parts?
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Do as much ordering, funds transfers and other tasks online. You save time doing your errands from your desk.
SMILE..its contagious:):)
#facebook is borked
please follow me! i just cant stand knowing u follow other ppl and not me. Please follow, i need 2 meet you
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
#20ThingsAboutMe I can be a very patient person, but don't Piss me off.
thanks! Wish you were here
My wife is only two pages in, , and already loves it. I may need two copies if I want to read it any time soon.
tryin to get the kids asleep so santa can come what about u
Well then. It looks like today is going to be a fire drill kind of day.
I'm voting for All Time Low on Q102 Takeover and I don't even live in Philly!
Going out with the crew tonight! Its gonna be a good one! Hope everyone has a great night,
- Thanks for the mention - being #38 is GREAT! http;//t.co/8-cclqLM
Cause they haven't a clue of your vast accomplishments. You are an inspiration to many.
Let's chill soon!
Are you using the rising popularity of QR codes to enhance your marketing and get new customers/clients/fans?
The print I bought is from that show, right?
RT not for nothin but i listen to ASAP and i am IN company flow.
I can get you her fan address, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to?
Ha... well played.
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 5
Blame it on the rain that was fallin fallin
I saw! Congrats!! (Great job singing the National Anthem too!)
at the alderwood mall?
saw this lady using wings after 1000M this morning on the subway.
HAPPY 26th BIRTHDAY :)
Quite delicious indeed (: How's school going cutie?
Thanks Steven! One small thing, the deadline is 2/6, not 2/16!
SOMEONE HAS DREW ON ONE OF MY BIEBER POSTERS, IM FUCKING CRYING IM SO ANGRY AND UPSET.
whoever you end up with is very lucky!!
Doing homework in the library I dont want to!!!!!!! Freaking school man I hate it.
We can't really bash Cincy anymore.
rich republican supporter - "I'll pay more taxes then funding these GOP loser campaigns"
That's great! Where are you from originally?
Went through the new scanners at Detroit airport. Dreams fulfilled.
I had no idea Christina Hendricks was in this movie!
Tonight a live interview with Jane Pauley. What would you like to ask her? Live
Hooray for profile sprucings! -- I dig the new look. :-)
Only the Spanish version.
The two awesome Whedon papers I tweeted earlier today were by
RT GOODBYE DICK CLARK! YOU ONLY MAN IN AMERICA WHO ABLE TO DROP BALL AND MAKE IT LOOK GOOD!
yes we [my fam & i] are excited to. We're also thrilled it's been picked up for a 2nd season already!!!!
My favorite tweets to read are delightfully strange.
RFT ": I wish that R.I.P. meant Return If Possible."
CJ Wilson can go right ahead and fuck off.
#ochocinco is New England's problem now, good luck to them...
What's fun tonight?
I used to be an eBay powerseller. During summer, give a week. Shouldn't have to, but... Also, send a message directly to seller.
awesome. Good job!
I've got those faces you have!!<U+E105><U+E057><U+E419>
I love you Will you marry me in the AT&T Center?
The sky is clear, sun is out. But there is a chill blowing in from Ithaca...I gotta feeling...
Beautiful Alasia! Thanks for sharing the evening with all the RED RIBBON MODELS and last night
Not stadium sanctioned. Just between friends to keep it interesting!
RT : Tonighy is Ladies Night at Z-Two!! Ladies drink FREE 9-11pm! Live entertainment 8-12am (Stop by & see our work here too!)
I haven't been on in a while. WHADDUP GUISE.
Haha! I hope your invisible cat survives!
Congrats to my hubby Bob who finished the San Antonio Rock n Roll 1/2 Marathon with a time of 1:46:05!! Not bad for a soon to be 58 yr old!!
Lazy day on the couch...
RT : You may have missed my earlier tweet: 10 Google Algorithm changes that could effect you:...
check your dm bro...
THE HARD RHYMER!!!!!!!! Yo chuck and flavor flav got matching tats.
Good morning :). #Goodmood!
OH MY GOD PHANATIC + 30 ROCK
It's SNOWING in Dallas! Almost feels like I'm back in Cleveland. Almost.
you ready for the Ravens Sunday? We haven't forgot you hold the receiving yards record in Baltimore.
|#quotes Each Wal-Mart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community
My favorite QR Codes are on Muni for SF State -- They link to a non-mobile website
thanks for the info! I just moved to town so definitely looking to get more involved.
thanks for tuning in! add us on facebook so you can see when we will be in your area
Now I'm home and you're not here. See who the lame one is now?! #iwantmypresent! #andtoseeyouofcourse (:
BEFORE HIRING A LAWYER, SEE A COUNSELOR. MEET A SPOUSE HALF WAY IF CHILDREN ARE INVOLVED. THE ABUSED MUST SEEK COUNSELING
THANK YOU! I appreciate it!!
any mahomies here from Brazil or next to Chile ? :D
oh ok. I cant see u haha. There was a person holding a jid on their back.. Fml
Commence GONUTS portion of tonight !
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
Finally feelin caught up and everything's lookin good. I'll take it
is it worth picking up?
Hey, is the coolest. Recognize.
Visit this website for more information Ways to Make Money Online
neither am I!
either that is very deep, or maybe you should cut your losses and whip up some crepes. Bon Appetit.
check me out on 106&park lmfaoooo
: wow, you should've said, "no...its #2076"
Finally omw home from #Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
Kiss of death! Oklahoma Sooners grab No. 1 Spot
Don't ever leave a beer unfinished. There's sober kids in Africa.
I swear this blunt said light me!??
Yesterday we planned our summer reading programs. What plans do other public libraries have? How do you include adults?
My gut says Kendall Wright.
yeah, hardly productive my friends..
We hear you in Columbia!
One Direction Infection>>>>>Bieber Fever
To Teachers and Educator the Time Has Come To change Your Class Room Now ! www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
fuck you, united parcel service
to sleep, or not to sleep.
LOL and slightly obsessed!! :)
my dear...its your turn
Go Hard 4 CHRIST everyday so that ur Light will shine for Him and Give Him all the Glory and Honor!! # God is great!!
If you need a job done well, give it to a busy women...honored to speak to the Women's Network of NKY today.
Damn them koreans weren't playing! Haha
are you changing iphone cords? Yours is in my car :-(
What is #Uppers? I'm not familiar with that but it sounds like something I need to know about.
And when we have expended all of the pent up "What a bout me!" ...
The Ewings are back!! Join JR, Bobby and Sue Ellen on June 13,2012 for their 2 hour premiere of the new "DALLAS"!
Thank you for the kind words and support, Zeshan! We do what we can.
agreed.. pierce had one of his best years as a celtic, doesnt make sense, maybe letting rumor linger to help re sign green?
I still love you
I don't know why I have two new episodes of 30 Rock, but I'm not going to complain. I'm on all the drugs.
#welovegreyson because he's talented one of the most talented people that ever walked on this planet.(:
A clean studio is a happy studio! :)
Surprise sex is the best thing to wake up to, unless you're in prison.
Q. What's a monster's favorite bean? A. A human bean. #HalloweenJoke :)
RT : Everybody fucking knows it. and are the cutest couple up in this joint &lt;3
Call us now to schedule your very own custom frame appointment. Look and feel great this Summer with a pair of Tom Davies frames
Thank you Ron!
Why do we teach American history without world history and world history without American history? Tom Bender explains in our new podcas ...
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I see you o.O
As a former student I strongly suggest you go. He is afterall a Martial Arts Grandmaster.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 32
I'm going to be anxiously awaiting the arrival of the mail everyday this week until 's Trespassing shows up!
Life is full of fake people, before you decide to judge them, make sure you are not one of them.
New Icon what do u think?
Good morning tweedos!
Damn Jeet 2 double plays???? Well at least we are on the board
I agree. We'd also have the "best damn" business leaders in the world too, but we obviously don't.
Who wants to do the AIDS walk with me? :-)
thank you so much! :)
Dude I get my braces off in like 2 months
Chilling' at #starbucks in
Feeling confident? Did you also get in the Big Ten basketball freeroll?
I got a 6 page essay in MLA format <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>.
This summer = "The missionary pilgrimmage" .. showing every1 we know
yes i love herr
Denver has more sunny days than Miami #fact & Marino couldn't get it done in Miami
Quarter Foods has a better ring to it
Congrats to on #prismlaunch. Looking forward to playing around with it.
I'm familiar with the argument, but by its logic we should all go back to wood-fired stoves, right?
Can you see Russia? : I do love Alaska:
follow bac bra
The Best Casual Make Up Tricks! You charm will impress everyone
How do you feel about impact of #TFFDisrupt recognition on your mission, vision & goals?
Enter to win a free office! Just "like" us on facebook!
Spent an hour on the way home today photographing random signs/storefronts in Niagra Falls. Absolutely loved the history there.
Conducted an all day media training 4 a GREAT new sports client today. Email if YOU are interested in media training
If they make such a thing, I have been living a cruelly sheltered life.
still bored
I wonder of the people on this bus can hear my headphones, their so loud atm
did you burn any couches or flip over any cars?
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #scdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
First Soy Nog of the Season! Yay!
Got the job! Starting Monday. Back to getting up early lol
Just educated 300 4th and 5th graders on the importance of reading labels
was his first cop Concords or Chicago X's? Haha maybe it was red foams???
you were so close! We were seats 17 & 18.
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 12
Just accepted a proposal for a special issue of Jrnl of Periodical Studies on Visualizing Magazine Networks. Looks terrific.
perhaps Joan Scott already did in calling it a paradox? But teaching it...hm. I like Michelle's idea.
It's bout to be serious UK and KU!!!...
Absolutely! I'd be more than happy to "assist" you out of it. ;-)
The weird part was some people thought it was a Tupac impersonator. It looked like CG, albeit good cg, in still frames! Vid moreso.
Awesome Philly sandwiches today for lunch with ! Fries IN the sandwich - so good.
I'm not surprised!
We educate and inform kids, parents, etc about the dangers of synthetic marijuana! That's what we do everyday of our lives.
A man in a relationship trades intimacy to get sex. A woman in a relationship trades sex to get intimacy. Proverb.
M...(; Looks a lot like AustinMahone xD
Next time you gotta come thru to the N'Dulgence Showroom to get Fly!! We're located right here in Chicago.
I don't like being swindled or used!
Tomorrow is my Friday. Thank the lord.
#GOP has STUPID FRIENDS! The WORST THING a Chicagoan can DO is make Rahm Immanuel your POLITICAL ENEMY! Good Luck, #Mittens ugh
CM Cardenas just told the Convention Center GM he's been using a donkey to compete with thoroughbreds. And...here's the Q about FarmersField
Morning Farmers, swing by today & pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
oh ok
Palladia is such a rad channel. Saw a super sick Soundgarden 2010 performance recently that got me inspired.
Beautiful day today in Philly. Get out there and enjoy the fresh air before the next round of cold air comes.
Testing out our "structure validation service" for checking chemical structure files for hypervalency, charge balance, absent stereo & JUNK
can you please let know exactly what you were doing, on which client and what happened. thanks!
Mavs-Lakers Game 1 watch party tonight INSIDE American Airlines Center. Party starts at 8:30 p.m. Tip-off is at 9:30 p.m.
I am, chillaxin before I go to work! Wyd..
I think it's actually up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, B, A, select, start. Swipes, that is.
thanks! Should have known to ask justin williams a food question...
rocked the mic at Level 3 tonight. & I got a hug. What a great way to start my year! #LastKings BITCH!!!!
A: what is being shown, what is not being shown. what colors recede + design concepts could be integrated into reading viz.
Ran/walked 3.5 miles with my momma (: Trying to motivate her into running it all before the 5K in July (:
oh was it when I tried to faux-kiss evan?
I didn't know you liked technology and stuff. Thanks for the follow, yo.
I'm in much need of a day or hell... a week off. These 60+ hour workweeks are killing me.
Free throws for the rest of the game. Down 6
#WhyDoPeopleThink they have all the anwers and keep talking, when they should really shut up, listen and learn?
I hate that feeling
everyone go follow her nowww! She's amazing <3333
“ Fear comes from the unknown. Discover & search out everything! Fear not! Remember! U can't fix what u refuse 2 confront'”
You ever seen a...grown man naked?
Join us tonight for Ladies’ night specials! Only 3 days left till Oktoberfest shenanigans...get excited!
aww,you're welcome :)
I got to see Jerrod Niemann and Chris Young at lunch, today! I am one happy girl!
To all Cedarville students: How was #thecelebration? Send us some photos of your #preemptivelove for Iraqi kids & we'll share them!
Had convo with this student whose bf is HIV+. He dated him knowing he was +. His friend contracted it from1st sex experience. HIV is serious
Why am i waking up so early now on weekends?:/
Blink-182. Offending moms since 1992.
really annoyed at this weather. was looking forward to the food truck road warriors today.
“: Best party on the earth, and with 15 of the best bartenders on the planet. You guys rock. #Carnival”
I'm so lost without the WordPress admin bar.
How did this come together? There's a chance I can swing by.
Everyone appears sane.
its live!
Rev, thanks for the shout out. Can not wait to see what our design looks like.
Would you like to submit an article to HONEY? Hit up our home page with the subject "editorial submissions"
Flavorful Crab Cakes with chile-lime aioli are a hit at Californos - some of the best anywhere! Served with a lemon, lime, great on salad!
I hate this website.
Las Vegas or bust! I'm on my way
Glad dis pic is still in the 92q recent pics!! I miss dem ravens!!
After realizing it wasn't feasible to wear The Most Perfect Earrings to the wedding, I plier'd one into The Most Perfect Necklace.
Will be inventorying things on walls this week.
Finished the second season of BBC Sherlock and I cannot wait for the third season! Another year or so... Till then, I am held in suspense.
Hey marketing students. is looking for a digital marketing intern. Details soon…
no it wont! I bet you he'll have more :)
merry Christmas to you too!
some bitches need to just stop talking for a second,learn to listen and think before they speak
thanks so much! Not anytime soon but hopefully one day :)
Thanks! It's a tough job, but someone has to do it.
Love watching
I wanna say it but that's so rude like I don't know him lmfao
Q1) Do you have a dream since you were a child but never pursued it? How do you resurrect it?
Ppl on my TL funny as hell lol. Too pissed about this game
Yeah, I'm fucking pissed and emotional, not only for Fringe related reasons!
At a concert listening to a song dedicated to my dad :D hahaha
RIP Dick Clark. Hope you're at peace. #nolongerrockin'
I hear it's lovely this time of year.
Happy Halloween, everybody. JAMS is definitely the house giving away full size candy bars. No mini-toothpaste/ mini-toothbrushes here. Haha.
when the person you like tells you, "don't worry you'll find the right guys someday." <<<<<
Roasting is an art and a science. . . Learn more at our Dinner this Wednesday ft a 4 course coffee dinner!
amen RT: "Gods grace is the only reason u are what u are today. Be quick to ascribe glory 2 Him & not yourself."
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 37
Ugh! I agree! Almost as bad as the tea tree and chocolate I encountered yesterday! Coffee and eucalyptus.
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 6pm-8:30pm at UCLA’s Ackerman Grand Ballroom
!!!!! RT Being born between 11 and 19 of April means you have gentler and added charitable motivations behind your actions.
aw I approve. go get him! I request to play with him tho!
Umm, Do you think you can follow me?!!
Is done with so many people right now.
.2004 laptop finally gave up the ghost but before I was able to put content in dome cloud. MicroCenter to the rescue. New casing. for drive.
Good lookin out, thank u
Let's get it Orioles
Patriots need to stop with the sob story though..
I sent the deal on to Jeff. He said 4 other people had already emailed it to him!
It is AWESOME! Congrats !!!!!
Tryna figure out when will bein NYC on myspace... yall needa website also wtf is the new myspace layout, thats not what I used
#edchat ~you can have teachers W great intentions but if the system is flawed~& its is~the outcome will not change
6 buses and 2 trains later, I KNOW WHERE I AM woo
OK, need more friends to discuss about Apple Mac app.
the Sixers will be 1-0 against playoff teams when Turner starts and gets a triple double while playing on Tuesdays after tonight
um yeah right , cheater
pure honesty <3
I am so sorry...
I am currently in an intermission. I will return to regularly scheduled tweeting, shortly. Until then, go get better!
boca grand veggie tacos are really tasty. AND not too terrible for you. that makes my day.
#ifiwonthemegamillions I'd buy the trump tower condo above drose and make that the center of my empire
Just Listed: Turnkey Script Mart -
AH NO!? Ur deff too cool for me.:( hang wif me boo!!
So wait, this "Iron Lady" movie has nothing to do with Tony Stark? WTF? *storms out of theater*
Ur getting spammed called autobots. Block the followers you don't know. The more you tweet, the more spam you get.
Agree w/ the primary rule of simplicity (just keep swiping) via , but also support pushing the envelope for interactivity.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkley
Let's go New York Football Giants!
let's move back Cal!
that is great you got more points off Coach Remen, he is a hall of famer and an awesome racquetball player.
YOU KISSED MY HAND(:
javier of corse
unless someone witnessed the guy hitting my car, I'm SOL. CMPD said he was only knocking on your door; thought it was his home
Who the HELL is THIS!? #weet!
yeah it is the facts. If things continue based on past results I see 10yrs and my weak heart is going to stop.
#LT And no boyfriend, not that I'm used to that xD
home.....nothin like it
Having a strategic plan in place really helped us
Talk abt a glass ceiling. SMDH!
Finally getting started on our 2011-2012 Educational Catalog. Let us know what you want to see featured!
guy wearing a vest way to small=douche hole. XD. ^_^ <3 you Shane
where the f are you???
just woke up but it's 10:10am :p haaha. (Messenger?)
Who wants to be my baby :) ?
Oh how Ive missed my dolls!!!
I almost cited Paul deMan controversy to begrudgingly defend Ron Paul until I realized deMan was early 20s, not in his 50s!
I want some candy.
Aw shucks. Fear not, once classes begin I'll be back into my journalistic-tweeting phase again and you'll wish you'd unfollowed ;)
Let's get the #hackoff started right now!!
LMAO well your nice
Good morning twitter world! Cold and wet here in Minnesota today! Hope everyone has a great day!
Loop/tourist focus is annoying, but he's got a point—I only have 6 proper openings on the books for all of July & August.
Wow! wrote an incredibly honest book. Writing style feels very much like A must read for any sports fan!
Amazing, amazing day with good friends. Wish they weren't all in other places for college.
Right?! Common courtesy.
oh gay.
Not being a man of many words, I am delighted to discover that Twitter is the perfect vehicle to properly express the true essence of my thi
Is central Indiana economy that depressed? Pacers, 3rd best in East, are averaging 885 fewer fans per game than Charlotte, which is 7-54.
im all done haha i just have to keep going over everything at this point.
If likes it, it has to be good.
So, did I mention that I got accepted to two #PhD programs? And I am a co-author on a paper for #AERA? I may or may not be terrified!
But we do actually have bacon covered hotdogs....
Please RT. I need 12 more followers to make 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
lol i knew it was angry birds
#nowplaying ATLiens by Outkast. Fish n grits y'all
As in Forever-Ever!! #BRAUNY RT That is the first ever 3-homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Life keeps on getting better.
Don't forget we're offering happy hour prices on food from 11pm-1am all this week!
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Zack will be back!
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up
This bitch is getting braces and she keeps on talking gibberish & my dentist is like will you shutup already lmao !
Hates getting in line at the grocery store behind old people
Tomorrow one of the big day in my academic life so nervous and excited!!!
my favorite place! Pick me up some candy please
she's only about 7 she just always looks miserable
« If a chick uses words like "Yutt" and "Neck" there's a pretty good chance she owns some Jordan's and will fuck u pretty fast»
We're giving 10% of enrollment back to students' high schools all week! Register now and give back to your school too!
Always be humble and gentle. Be patient with each other, making allowance for each other’s faults because of your love. - Ephesians 4:2 NLT
Roll tigers!
change account again? :o
beats on the way Chef
Knicks have to show they're ready to be a contender in the East with a good showing today in Boston
They gotta have something to do while Yo is on the mound, right?
You're inspiring. Your dedication & involvement in your projects are super motivating. Keep up the good work.
Just realizing I have always sucked at Boolean logic and probably always will.
This would really add a personal touch to a wedding. If I was getting married, I would definitely get one.
Well, you called me names too. A Christian.
Goodnight, gay boys<3
Let us help you with your entire image at www.hairinthecity.me We offer free consultations with an appointment.
Meh. Sometimes. :p
Singing fingers crossed by handguns like always <3
LOL SHE SAID THANK YOU !!!!!!
Good night :D
THATS CRAZY......I THINK LEBRON WOULD HAD BEEN BETTER OFF SOMEWHERE....MIAMI IS D-WADE SHOW
i just heard #FlyUnion new song it"s nice af
Thanks Bill!! Yeah, I'm hear for awhile. Lol
thank you! I'm a much better person for having you in my life!!!!
A day of conference and then fielding a number of support issues has me worn out. Hope all the #microconf folks enjoy tonight's party!
Everybody says that time heals everything. Are we just going to wait it out?
did your bro play at icantina Saturday?
like in June!
Sorry I couldnt wish you #CONGRATS earlier but CONGRATS ON 15 MILLION FOLLOWERS! PUMPED FOR TONIGHT! YOU??
What a crazy day! Ended Day 1A of #WPTMadrid w 112k chips! Hopefully I can keep the momentum up. Now time for some food!
Black ppl know how to have FUN!
I see. With Tony Parker, Sr. in the mix & the release stating Europe first, more likely a feeder league for Europe than NBA
OMG, they just announced they are doing another season of Real Housewives of Miami. WHY? That season sucked.
That's semi-absolutely true for almost most of us. Why you hatin'?
I don't know who you are lol
watching Kim from the RHOA at a firing range holding a gun, scares me. and not for the right reasons.
Good Morning Please take a second to follow TMC Records® CEO & President
"we've got an army." "we've got a hulk."
Twitter for iPhone update let's you see follows & faves of friends. Remember: RT biz stuff, star funny stuff, but not porn!
Just pulled the Gin-Lavender cake out of the oven, smells amazing can't wait for the taste test!
Up early writing
Off to work... Counting the seconds till Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
pretty name! :)
what up stranger? How u been?
Being around so much failure just pushes me even harder to be the greatest there's ever been!
Kool aid & frozen pizza
Stay away from negative conversations and from negative people.
"I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want."
the two tickets are yours if you'd like them!(: $65 for each do you want both?
I feel like dancing cumbias.
Ha! You deserve a glass... or two.. or three.
has hollywood gone broke? all they seem to do is make really bad movies and remake movies with really bad acting! no creativity anymore!
I am now something like 23 for 23 with the hiccup cure. It's one of my favorite things. Makes me very happy to contribute to the world.
sex in the air, I don't care. I love the smell of it!(;
Oh okay, same thing over here.lol..or when I am talking to my family memebers..My american friends be giving me the side eye lol
i know i missed tonights episode Im bout to watch last weeks, shits heating up!!
yes, legit point, but one way or another, either electorate or leg votes on this. Without either, those in favor will have to wait.
Cristobal Silva: When submitting to academic journals, referee letters are most valuable part of process. A gift of the profession.
watch for the three wolf moon too!!!
Rep. Connie Mack at Tampa gas station blasting the President and Sen. Nelson on Keystone pipeline. Mack launching petition to support line.
Digital World Shop » Spa Parts – 1800Pools
so i keep seeing a commercial of schlitterbahn on tv....i guess it's a sign that we're going this summer...is it good? ive nvr been there...
"in the next 100 days I will seriously consider losing my cool"
A shoutout to my homeys!
Managing The Stress In Your Small Business When you put out your shingle that says open for business, you immediately take on 10-14 jobs
is nobu open? You available at all this week?
Really hoping 's digital humanities class doesn't fill up before new student registration starts!
Are you gonna do more stories ?:D
Me: "I'm going to be outside the Supreme Court tomorrow b/c they're hearing Affordable Care Act oral arguments." Dad: "OK. Wear sunblock."
Only a gift for no reason - a real gift ..
there's a great ipad app called pear note. you record & your notes are given a timestamp so you just tap the note & skip to the part
Happy Birthday to #COLABpdx - enjoy your first beer!
Hey our page is an Orlando based sketch comedy group. Anyway you could give us a shout out?
Going to see and tonight!!!! This will be the best show EVER!
Let me see myself online the way other people see me--the government, businesses, my friends, etc. Czerwinski of Microsoft at
has the funniest tweets and it always makes mu day. Just a follow from him and thats all i need. Lol
BAMA - ROLL TIDE ROLL
75% of news exposure is content shared via email or social media
that we are going to fuck shit up this summer....lol
Yea mun. I'mma keep them coming, at least before i head off in june.
Heck of a competitor our QB is:)
glad they're functioning as brain food. Penal Colony is pretty painful. Hardee har.
you should have a contest for best homemade Pabst shirt.
usually don't cross that world with this, but figured that it was obscure enough that some1 would h e to be in the know to get it!
Going on my first training run after bruising my heel last Sunday. Hopefully it works well enough to continue training for upcoming half.
That's great! Love Kids in the Hall :)
I consider it an honor to have you follow me #VO #voice over
PROMOTING AMAZING TALENT EVERYDAY ALL DAY....
Apple's New iPhone 5 Debut Today at 10am PT.
Recovering from caring for a nice chow and a Cujo-like pom. Worth it seeing mother-in-law enjoy her 80th birthday. No blood drawn by cujo.:)
Car key broke in half. Ugh.
well I'd be glad to tell them they made a huge mistake letting you go lol
if it is slander about a teacher or student or school maybe but they cannot regulate anything you do outside of school
I'm at the casino were is I'm at the casino
good morning
TIO's marketing is working on new website. Next show 4/23, location TBA.
What's all the rage with professional athletes tearing their ACLs? That was SO 3 years ago-- and I totally started that trend.
Looking forward to leading worship in the morning at 10 o'clock with an amazing team of worshipers. Be there to join in!
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
TX RT Making Books Sing
You are most certainly welcome!!! ")
i have so much boring
In a training re twitter. Maybe I'll actually learn how this works.
date like a man, so you won't get played like a bitch :p
You Know you're a teacher when... you can't name your own child names that evokes good,bad&ugly memories.
What is your favorite number?
your hilarious can't wait to hear the new album been a fan since puppy love lol
If these bees don't stop eyeballing me, I'm gonna hit em with my golf club!
did i mention that the dance battle dude is almost 40??? help help help me please (pops v)
I luv his songs! so good! 5 star ratinng from me!
Hi ! Love the baby penguin graphic
#RIPLewisMighty god has bigger plans for you x
Does anyone have any thoughts on ITT? More interested in what employers think than current students, but give me your thoughts on the school
You a sad Fan. L.A. BAKERS... Crying all over the court
if you can tweet you can mint!
Yay! RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
Pagliacci Pizza building new restaurant in Madison Valley via: cc:
So over it; this keeps getting worse every week. I seriously want it to be fixed, #sobad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Customer loyalty and employee engagement is the key to the growth of your company. Learn how RTOREWARDS can help!
Who the fuck gets panda express for breakfast
#iwny for the pitch event at 1 today. I wonder which five twitter submissions were chosen!
LMFAO recount, it's my week so I don't understand why we don't just split it? Cause it is MY week
no.u not
So is it about the vibes the person sends out, or how you interpret them? I'm kind of asp'y so I'm bad with social cues...
i like girls that like girls....
You say you're a full time Queen,and a part time Ni**a/Ni**er.Will you give me your understanding of what a Ni**a/Ni**er is
Its all about passion. We are passionate about making coupons be with you in the palm of your hand 24/7! www.Qponomics.com
Follow if you live in NE so we can get 1D to come to here!!!
Now i might have to smile on my next picture... Tab, i miss you baby
Yes I know I'm loud now. And I know I wasn't this loud in 7th grade. Maybe its because I moved here in 5th and didn't know anyone.
lol damn.. i nvr seen that ..
Tea time
Sen. Maj. Lesder Reid is expected to announced agreement for the votes Wed. 3:00 on GOP CR and Dem alt. 3 hours of debate starting at noon
If I looked good I would run to holiday for a red bull.. but I look like crap.
Packing for a weekend in Colorado Springs with my sister is easy: dump hiking, running and yoga gear into suitcase. All set!
Drug search. Yay.
I'm so full of pasta... and regret. Dang you, Buca Di Beppo. You get me everytime.
ha, great, hope you can find some time!
can't wait for my birfdayyyyy a week from today
I'm quite the mouth breather today.
Ah, Saturday. You fool me with your promise of laziness and donuts, but instead it is a work day. At least it's a productive one.
“: NEXT girl to follow gets a follow back from me!” me!
I hope and will still care about me after their senior basketball season next year . Or will they be done with me too
that's wats up!
ok really now?
What weirdness has been showing up in your life lately?
I need you PAPA <U+2665> <U+2665>
Cleaning the fridge, re-seasoning cast iron. A day in the life.
Wonder is people are reading these haha
hey luv it's me i''m a co owner here :D
What a horrible gut feeling ..
Secret tip. If you put a teaspoon of vinegar in the water poached eggs will stay together
[+] Teixeira has been Teixeira this year so far, but nothing like what I have seen from Pena. Though there could be the [+]
Are you a small business owner? Do you have a loyalty program for customers? Would you consider one if the benefits helped your bottom line?
All we need to hear is the truth, even though it hurts.
awesome, my skin is like that of a diamondback rattler. lol
Sorry about the stairs that you had to endure today. I log rolled down my front lawn this morning so I didn't have to.
Im sad for anyone who gets sick. As far as child support.......I hope he is strong enough to be there for his kids.
Hey Buddy, call me today. I wants to talk to you! Preferably sooner rather than later :)
": agreed! “: Can I stop hearing about Big "Bad" Bo and "poor" Uthoff now...” just scratching the surface...
slick. Never saw it coming !
Soy white chocolate mocha frap with no whip? Why yes please
i like Alex a lot more and Jill a lot less this season. Simon and Ramona are still total weirdos.
thank you my friend. May God bless you in a new way today & renew your spirit.
Jacobson breaks down earnings differences (w/in 3 yrs) of avail outcomes (2yr, 4yr, certificate). More similar than assumed. Sthg to study.
Michael Stipe is here! // Is that him in the corner?
you can't be all bad though, I heard you don't like colan cowherd and that dude is just a contradictive gimmick...
What up world?
I'll be back late tomorrow night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#DontThinkJustBecause you drink #diet soda you can get super-size fries and extra Mayo on your sandwich
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home. Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel! Blessed!
Kei Kamara leads all MLS players with 13 shots so far in 2012. He led the team in shots last year with 91
my urologist is a man,I didn't meet him today though. Just her. She was cute. Wife thought it was hysterical I was uncomfortable
So it came to my attention that if I really want freedom to create I need a space to do it in. Operation closet clean is complete.
Good looking out on showing us love. much appreciated
Ah, Taco Bell, I love the fact that you're open late!!!
Bought a Tivo last week at Clackamas, OR location and told 6 mths free of HULU+. Given flyer. HULU says offer expired. Not happy.
Don't have an idea what poetry is./That is why I can't stop writing it.
It'd be so fucking cool to work with , that dude is a fucking legend!
Cool Springs Galleria ! (:
lol wow, that's cool, i remember those days, life was so much easier.
Ignorance may be bliss for you but its a pain in the ass for the informed person with opposing views based on facts not just your personal…
89 million condoms to be given out at Brazil's Carnival. www.tncnews.com
Money quote from Mark Twain: "When in doubt, do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest."
My sleep pattern has become whack. I go to sleep, wake up around 4am w/insomnia. When I finally fall back asleep, it's time to wake up=pain
sorry to hear about your boat but this is very common in the Bahamas my dear!
You can see how much SYTYCD really cares about the dancers. Also is as stunningly beautiful in person as on TV.
Working on the new site and getting everything all together....the word is out. Taxi Talent Management} Cleveland Ohio
He's an amazing kid. Super happy and outgoing. It was fun to interview him.
Aww! You think so ? Is Carmel ready for us?
We did it 1996! #graduating.. Love you all!
J'aime big butts is all I know and I doubt I spelled that right
follow me ill follow back
You too, love!
Yes! always negative #pessimist ": Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset"
I just download a sex position app LOL
Isn't it past your bedtime? (It's past mine.)
Just got done playin soccer with my boos. Gotta nice tan too :)
MT : RT : . I'm following how the defunded WHP and now is trying to blame the Obama administration
I'm getting points all over the board...jennings, nelson, driver, and rodgers...just need finley to get it in
Yeah we're cheap, we're thinking of just using one. But the movie selection on both doesn't seem that great (streaming only)
18 mo. old starts cuddling at EXACTLY bedtime. Little sneak always gets 15 more mins., singing a little song on my lap.
yes! Down with cabs, up with Uber!
Still haven't did this homework.
But hold your breathe because tonight will be the night that I will fall or you, over again. Don't make me change my mind.
Soo....2012 is on its way and im excited! I can just feel its gonna be a great year!! #2012imreadyforyou!! :) #begoodtome!!
Don't know how many followers I have. But follow me
Excited to see that will be on #SquawkBox for #StateoftheUnion coverage next week!
#FF follow (Whitney Coleman Music)
Monday! I am ready for you!! :)
Thanks for the link! These You Tubes of Mike Curtis are great.
my wife says your the most influential tweeter and she is a steelers fan. Then again she doesn't have a twitter account.
Poll Question: Better call: Do you believe in miracles or wa wa wee wa?
Thank you for all the help tonight!
I'm glad (: I just find the whole ordeal very funny and childish; but hey! Whatever floats your little kid boat!
So cute!
Hey its like can't do nothing about it
what is speed databasing exactly?
Great new way of gifting monies to someone to help with thier closing costs when purchasing a home. Contact me for details.
Any know know where I can find, borrow, or buy a pair of rain boots for an audition tomorrow?? 10.5 men's or larger?
I knew my mother had it in for me from a young age. My bath toys were an electric toaster and hair-dryer.
Thank you, I'll redirect from to
ahh love this weather, feels like summer!
Can I submit you a mix CD of me & my rapper D.Griff ,so you can get it up there?
Congrats ! That wedding is gunna be a shit show.
The upcoming five album just took the top spot on my (never ending) "Next real record store purchase" list!
: absolutely! :-) can u make sure everyone has their vol app completed. Thx
Who would you like to share a bottle of wine with tonight? 1/2 Price Wine Wednesday!
Lets Get #IAMDABEAT trending for :)
Aw thanks. Much of my Human Geo section comes from you &
Paying Bills On Time Is Cool
RT : Free Sean Payton Rally is this Sunday @ 1pm @ Champion Square. Wear black & gold & bring signs. RELAY THE MESSAGE.... RT
Classic! Great stuff. Future pro right there.
Congrats to you as well. Much more information to come, including a formal announcement about 's Mindfire SABRE win.
All we did was ask if they wanted to play & all hell broke loose, Cooke gave Schenn a head shot & Asham threw Bryz in the water
Cool. Thnx for the reply.
So Eli Manning thinks he's in the same ELITE class with Tom Brady? That's like saying he's in the same class with Brad Pitt ...
Sleep music is Jack Johnson's Brushfire Fairytales. Goodnight, Twitter.
man hold up
she was thinking you did not realize you were even texting her.
I Need Something New , I Need Something Different .
thank GOD!!! am not a nigerian
Yay YOU GO H
Today is the 100th day of 2012. What are you doing to mark this day in your child's year?
"The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled." Plutarch was my boy for a while.
Finally got on to Netflix, it's so awesome, it may ruin my life. On the bright side I'll catch up with Lost.
Throughout the past few days, all I could think about was guard and how much I already miss everyone. Withdrawal sucks.
49ers by 14. NY didn't play as well as they should have against a Packers team that didn't play well at all.
just a warning, it gets pretty addictive :P
Good point! Logists could be one of the hardest parts!
If Chris would quit talking over everyone...we could have the woman donors name! Anyone know?
Me too! Hadn't had any for awhile! :-)
just do a few instead!
nice peace sign in yours
Hate I cry so easily...fuckin bullshit now I gotta fix this shit...wish I woulda known in the beginning
The thought of Ryan Seacrest expanding his "hosting" empire to the Olympics makes me sad inside.
Great show last night! I really dug all that sax on sax on bone action.
All Brew City out-of-state web orders which ship next week will be automatically upgraded to UPS 3-Day Select shipping!
RT : Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
I had to retweet both of those cuz it was just too awesome! hope you slept well! :) Have a great day!
You know what sucks about your real job? Air Force One is on right now.
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
RT : MSL receives it's banner and award for making U.S News' top High School list this morning at 10:30 in the auditorium!
This is baseball,
Left is Right | South Korean political meeting descends into fisticuffs - CNN
Im so inlove with life(:
¤ Its all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back. Mick Jagger
At least you had the experience. It must have been a special love to hurt so bad. Hang in there.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
I accidentally slept 8 hours. Why do I feel awful?
up early workin in the lab f**k black Friday I got another plan
Just freaking out because Alex retweeted me. :) Haha what about you???
oh she bad.
thank you :)
Hey made a really great Slow-cooked Broccoli and Garlic soup today You should be excited for lunch!
With the birthday boy Jorge Necuze, happy birthday babe (:
that awkward moment when you get caught laughing at tumblr at work...
Big congrats to 1st place and 3rd place in the #SDBrewAwards. Wish we could be there!
You know Jeremy Lin has made it because he has his own sports science
So people need to HMU(:
thoughts on Cordy Glenn?
Woo hoo!!RT : We will be there. Will you? RT : Only 3 months until BBQ Fest!!!!!!!
thats enough to make every Haitian family rich
You continue to make our point for legislation. Have you proposed any legislation? Has Rand Paul proposed any?
wow. already have 14 followers but none of them r Jasmine Villegas or Justin Bieber or the rest of his crew. /:
best of luck tonight- you were my pre 11/6 pick and i'm sure you can take this down. Regards. Alex (from memphis)
All presentations done. Amazing stuff from all teams with some true goosebump moments.
Thank for all the birthday tweets!
Thank you. Wishing you the best, my friend.
thanks for the retweet love last night yo! let us know when you come to PDX, we wanna rock out!!!
live it up brother...
you're a wealth of information.
I know right! Bahahaah.
Come say hi today! Rode my bike in today. It's beautiful outside!
Schoolwork sucks!
“ When MVick is hit, does he get same "penalty" treatment as Rodgers & Brady?”No, they look at him as a RB I think,takes beating
“: On Bellemeade Ave heading toward Evans Ave: man dressed in all black carrying a sword. #ewatch”
Dear September, we hope you're ready for another bad ass REVO event!
Fist of fury
Friend chicken. Hm.
was just curious what they did with all the rest of the fabric that never made it to ur dress -:)
An entire world of people trying to prove their wisdom, nobody cares.
RT : Take care of me and I'll take care of us!
One final fight, for this tonight.
i almost just flipped the fuck out
somebody tell my these old peeps at my apartment to go live in the country lol thats where u its ok to sing "take me home"
i hate losing close games.
mashing words together since 1992
Your kids and mine and David Duchovny's kids can have playdates.
Welcome Adam — The year's new project here has in fact been learning to cook Indian food; and prowling Devon Ave. for ingredients!
There's a cashier at our grocery that says, "May the good Lord bless you until He comes again" to EVERYONE. It's awkwardly long.
Not knowing wtf they want until it too late
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
#Familyreunion #drink choices require careful consideration. Cola's the norm. Don't forget caffeine-free/diet beverages.
What is 'real' art? I prefer the cartoony over realistic stuff. If I wanted to see real stuff, i'd watch a movie.
SESSIONS WITH A SLAMMA JAMMA DING DONG. AND THEN KOBE WITH A DOWNTOWN THREE
Go follow for me:)
Spray tanning is recommended by the American Academy of Dermatologists!
I am convinced digestion is the great secret to life.
The English lads are having a sing song at The Queen Vic.....come down for your Sunday roast
Love that we both have the same interest in being of service to kids. Peace my man
Flu season peaks late in MN. Dozens of Edina School kids feeling the effects @ 9:20on Fox 9.
I need numbers new phone no contacts message me with the number or if you got it text me
Coming up on the today, at 3:45 and at 6.
Thank you for your help!
I might but it's on a Friday?!?
are so excited to be a part of we are ironing our best flannels y'all!
Hooray! I have submitted my lesson plan (after accidentally deleting it), and everything looks just dandy on the new website.
YES MY POOL OPENS TODAY! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
"A new Pubmed article is published every 36 seconds" Leigh Watson Healy at
Sometimes I do~ sometimes I don't~ sometimes.. I js won't~
"Any man can be a #father, but it takes a special person to be a #dad." - proverb #HappyFather'sDay!
In Cincinnati posted the most jobs to for Jan-Feb
#microsoft continues to come out with products without proper testing, quality, and support - son's XBOX 360 bites the dust in just over 1yr
great job with fitness karma at
Did I really? I'll go check my accounts right now for you love. :) Xx
is this resume ok? can you give me some feedback?
Ramsay presented a pressed pork belly on the F Word, Season 1 that I've always wanted to do. Looked GREAT.
Lmao, calm down, calm down :P it's only a game ;) i've just been watching liverpool play :) xx
San Francisco tomorrow! Getting a little excited...will be just an overnight trip, but looking forward to it!
then don't breathe
lmfao don't be mad at me
“A man's true delight is to do the things he was made for.” ~ Marcus Aurelius
Do you dream in color or black & white ? hm
what's with them? it's like they're The Man or something. looking forward to learning more about what you found on your trip!
Avicii should be solid tomorrow night
Did she really just pick the 'Shockers" to win it all
Back to some intence painting... WOking some studies too for a couple paintings I am excited about.
Everything is cool ! Just finishing up some work. I was on my way to the site.
I was totally there today
Follow my personal ! (:
RT : The balloon glow is cancelled. The air show and fireworks will happen soon as the winds die down. (via )
so do we!
Video shoot today wit the team
wena u killing me yong #DeathByLaughter in the bus going to the wiLD...)
Oh that was so much fun that night!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
when u get encouragement fr everyone it motivates u 2 succeed. when all u get in negativity it holds u back if u let it. break free n fight
my fiance's parents were there so we watched it too...hilarious! His lines about his secret agenda were funny as hell
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 894 calories. Total burned so far: 2955 calories! on 4/3/12 at 9:06 PM
Or better yet what are the #mustread #blogs here in #SanDiego?
Cupcake time!
me+yuu=always an awesome time
Please recycle... We recycle 100% of all our paper.
made states ;)
Good point! Ha.
Ask Jacksonville they drafted a Punter in the third round,we will be in the Playoffs again,conten.for #7,we will be fine,
Excited to pamper myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I got it
U don't need a lot of $ 2 have great style!
Just realized that my Roman-numeral bracelet (from a thrift store) contains a typo! Its sequence is XII, I, VI, XI. Last # should be IX.
Do you, ? I find it annoying... it seems like it's designed not to be used.
It's all for you. Every thing I do.
Game of Thrones is seriously good :)
WORK...BACK 2 BUSINESS ....
Goin to a football game
RT - Indians won today! WOO. Have I ever mentioned that I love Cleveland sports?
he should<33
of course :) see you tomorrow!
BET Awards? I think YES!
Hugs! RT : ": GM!! "A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange."" *Hug*
you should have gone pre-paid so you could take a managed step back into the mobile world.
Wideman Lazy play!
I'd totally do it! Hate heights, but love the thrill.
Everyone on Facebook now understands your views on gay rights. You do not need to shove it down peoples throats.
If you're going to go with OCR (rather than re-keying or something like that) Abbyy is a good enough choice... :)
OMG I should probably go to bed now.. its 3 in the morning and I woke up at 8 am yesterday. #StayingUpLateAgain #beautyrest haha :-D
once again, I am sorry....
Dear internet. Stop being ridiculous and load my video so I don't have to watch 2 seconds, then pause, then 2 seconds. Seriously.
Traveling many unfamiliar paths again and way over my head to navigate. Another reason to sojourn with friends and family. Happy Easter!
I had the most #wonderful and #relaxing weekend with my husband in
o.o
Where you drinking at son ?
Wish i could wiggle my nose, end up at my destination #bewitched #skiesaint friendly
We used Lotto Sorcery to play 16 picks ($8) in the midday Texas Pick 3 game and won $40. Analysis Lotto won $100 for us last night in PB.
There are multiple articles in today's that would be amusing were it not for the fact people were hurt, or killed.
Sell them what they want, but give them what they need. -Bedros Keuilian
I try to do my homework, but I easily get distracted, and then something like tapping my pencil against the desk becomes so interesting
#ADCDebate Alexandria has a $600m budget/year
Do you like cupcakes? So do we! Come to our Family Event on May 6 and grab one from So proud to have them as a sponsor!
Mine starts with orientation Thurs. Did you clerk this summer?
Yayy i get the next week off of school! Soo happy!!
Hollie's Dress Is Too Cute! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Aw man. I just ate half my body weight in Baked Lays and Dean's dip for lunch - guess who's not skipping the gym today :(
Thanks for the RT :-D Keep up the hard work over there.
well hello there!
Fantastic time with and in Modesto!! Thank you,
I aint ask for this, i worked for this ..!!
Walked out to my car to get something and the second I get there the sprinklers turn on
I think that's a really good assessment. I'm glad this wasn't the series finale because there is a lot more ground to cover.
:p agreed haha. After work im picking my girlfriend up and going to play a little show before our big one next month
Check out our latest chapbook review!
As a person who works for traditional art, I was very touched to see such a show, which so exquisitely reflects our inner world.
I hope u get your birthday dick for your mouth, pussy and assholle
Mark Twain observed once that, “It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”
Thanks for the follow Great to learn about you from www.lauragainor.com.
LB () "Mobile for us is critical. The fan that uses a mobile device comes three times more often than our web user."
Norton--can't just scan must add value: name finding. BHL
Westboro Baptist Church, the driving voice of the
I think its safe to say.. there will be no softball scrimmage today at olbrich park..
Try Lynda.com
Love #finecraft posts of Great way to learn
we are downloading pics as well. Dm me your email, please send some my way
Shame on barbara Walters! Mimi Alford def needs to tell her story. The truth is never backseat to lies. Walters is the new puff or queen
Rtweet #ike OK, serious Hurricane time. It's starting to come in now. We're feeling the wind here, for real.
We are honored to be there! What you're doing is so important! Glad we can help support you!
Indeed: Sitting on a saddle, waiting for the bus to move....
Peace to each manly soul that sleepeth; Rest to each faithful eye that weepeth... ~Thomas Moore
Appreciate ya reppin out there for JTP!!!! god Bless ya homie Jo-Wayne
Preciate it RT : I got u chance :)
but only like with one person?
Happy mothers day of tweeting
We've written 3 new songs that will be on the EP. As soon as we find a guitarist, temp or permanent, we track. -zach.
Enjoyed the exhibit of Hans Haacke's work, which ties art to the social, economic and political
Hey !!! Yes, we are family! Hope you have a beautiful, blessed day!!! Happy weekend, let's connect soon :))
Just shot a new video...stand by...
What horrible hold music.
no but really
I love u !!!! You did GREAT!! Such a pretty voice :-)
Choke choke choke
yo I haven't watched fights lately b/c i can't order them here. heard bones won but it wasn't impressive guess rashad is sorta bak
lmfaoo ! Yes I do. Sucks lol
RT : Kathy McLean: "Wikipedia has shown us that there is no permanent knowledge."
Today begins the 57th day! Ah badges will be done today and invitation designs thought out!!!
oh, that's just the start. Their mac & cheese is beyond words.
tweet this ABQ March 11-13 at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino ....first person to do it gets a $20 gift certificate from Lemon Sugar Henna
Yes, yes I'm home :)
stay away from me forever and you know who you are inbox me to make sure >:(
My childhood hero was Mickey Mantle and he stayed my hero even after I learned he was not a perfect person.
Lol here soon we will record bro
Beat it creep
I be tired af in school, soon as I get home Im wide awake. Wtf
“: Too legit to quit, too real to fail.” #SwagLife Follow: &
In the morning it looked like a perfect beach day, then in the afternoon out look like a tornado was coming.. Wtf....
RT : #MacnCheeseMonday means our mac & cheese is $5 in store only. All your favorite flavors! (Limit one per person.)
One of the great movie-to-comic adaptations. And, this edition looks really cool. I pre-ordered mine.
Never go without eating for two days and then eat a lot of Chinese food.
I want to go back to sleep but I don't want to so
thinks the boys she dates in KC are all dumb.
nobody care for you. that why nobody woke you up.
LOL THE GUY IN THE CAR NEXT TO US PICKED HIS EAR AND SNIFFED IT EW WTH HAHAHA
I have videos of him making weird faces & sounds from when he was little. Too funny!
Currently watching the GOP debate. Wild times!
There is a shirtless man with long chest & back hair holding a baby. The baby is pulling on the hair. This looks like a felony.
Using Google Docs for faculty agenda is example of using new tools for obsolete meetings.
ok bye take care :) i'll miss u..i love u too so much <3 have a nice day :D
The Baha Men were damn near tight lol
Handbells at church sound so great!!;P HE>i John 3:30
well I hope that cured your boredom even if it was minimal
Embracing the beautiful colors of Fall! You are doing a great job Superintendent Garry McCarthy in Chicago! Stay encouraged!!!
As a Wisconsin Badger fan, it pains me to say this, but go Spartans!
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey
RT : Be sure to check out the feed for #proseo if you weren't able to make it to the London Seminar this week! Awesome info!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! :)
Ugh! U even said her 1st name(I'm so confused) #TooManyCrushes RT : Hi Gina!!!! :):):)
Have you gone across the stage yet?
#2 hitter why am I scared?
Great game huh! Devils goin for the cup Fuck Yeah!
My Hawks win 2 more we going to the EASTERN FINALS,,, WE WILL BEAT CHICAGO ARE PHILLY
she's my favorite band member
How the heck do you login to your Pier 1 Platinum account?!? All the links say "Find a Store"
im sorry but I have NO fucks to give .
Listening to & the Allman Brothers Band sets from as background music for my studying.
Every parent of Youth & HS football players should ask your child's AD what they are doing to make football safer in 2012 than 2011?
The picture on the Glee soundtracks make me want a slushee
Might as well go for round 2 tonight!
I feel like crying cuz I wanna be with my mommy wish she was here everyday :'(
Okay I have to say something. If I don't make money with art I can't buy materials or eat. Marketing is essential for me.
RT : #2012GEO Dave Greco at NFF says more nonprofits need to ask themselves 'what is the fully loaded cost of operating our...
RT : does that also go for machines in Atlantic City and in casinos everywhere?? <= Yes
Some biz still believes in the build it they will come concept. It takes a strong foundation of credibility & appreciation 2 yield action.
It is raining at the Apple buildings near Parmer and MoPac
heyy theree(; can you please follow me <3:D
In the sea of food choices, all I could come up with is pop tarts & a diet dew.
Have you read The Passage by Cronin yet? It's narrated by and is excellent. I keep finding excuses to listen to it
but it does require significant reform.
#REMIX Electronic Dance Music is without a doubt the dominant music genre right now. With that said, other music genres have definitely b
I wanna find my peaceful zone. I kno my money zone. I kno my party zone. But that's temporary highs. Searching for true fulfillment.
Nope, this is Chad! But Miami is gonna be sick for sure...Glad you're in!
Obama:I can’t nullify congressional law. I can’t ask the Justice Department to say, “Ignore completely a federal law that’s on the books” .
I ain't saying he a Gold Digger but he ain't messing with no broke broke.
everything's ok. Just checking up on ya. Still waiting on u to make that trip down here
She needs to be on those commercials. Clinic is really stepping up for the city.
WE GET TO SEE YOUR TEETH TOMORROW(: #nomorebraces :D
Choke collars are just a way of telling your dog, "I don't have the patience or compassion to properly train you."
i want my golf ball
bad girl! Bad boy! Lol xoxoxo
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 65
Duke out and the Lehigh guy steped out of bounds and no one show it.
I miss
The Constitution? I read it for the articles. Especially on Constitution Day,
I would have laughed a year and a half ago, but now I just feel your pain. :/
Thanks for following...here's to positive tweets that are useful too the masses!
I did now follow
im sorry your sad. Yeah im busy im at work. Im sorry!
how can he compete with ?
Slept in today op's guess I needed it!
At the comedy show
This home court advantage >>>>>>
I have $5 and a few bits of string. =)
hate you!
Pretty content with staying in tonight and watching
Are staring in the window or from a window?
Merry Christmas from KoreFit!
New speed record for fastest deleted app. RT I don't care how fast or slow Mobile Opera for the iPhone is. It is just plain ugly.
Well it was fast food for lunch today, kind of ashamed of myself, wish there was good, quality, food around my office...
Yes, I am so excited about being involved at the Haiti Lab! AND the new PhD lab! Basically, I am getting my PhD at FHI.
Check out "Listener Complaint" audio. (Drunk guy goes off!) www.freekshowradio.com
7-0 baby! Way to be boys! Tough win!
Looking forward to seeing you on June 27 xx
Four followers and counting.
Planning a trip to India this may
I hope this pain goes away so I can actually enjoy myself tonight.
We all need to make an effort to get better at draw something guys. Come on. We're not kids anymore.
Let not your senses deceive, for even as the tempest may howl, just beyond it lies a serenity that could not otherwise find you
Thank you for the RTs! Keep spreading the word about disability employment.
Let's hope that prenup does it's job.
Hillbilly swagger. Straight up mountain thug. LMAO Only in
nice typewriter man
Thanks for the RT! I could also learn a lot from you when it comes to
Have to admit, the performance with and (a digital, projected) Tupac was pretty awesome.
Girls, just because the guy that you want doesn't like you back, doesn't mean that you aren't beautiful.
heyy BECKY its okay im still your friend(: !!
Just seen P.Y.T. Thanx bro!!!
inspiration to up and coming ballers! Zack 9, joey 6, and ruff n ready bulldozer lou 2! Thanks 4 genuine good u exploit!
stronger willed players with the ultimate goal to WIN !
It has always puzzled me how Casey Jones could be considered a "hero." His actions seemed pretty reckless to me.
look forward to hearing about it! At least as much as is describable. :)
I think that Jim Harbaugh is working in becomming the #NFL's Kirk Gibson.
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120015 Butler University.
That's ok we can just follow each other...simple enough but thanks anyway
Also my sense of smell is really Strong so please don't Fart
also, i'm a freelance blogger now. if anyone really wants my terrible opinion on something, just ask! i'll be glad to give you 200 words.
only metro
"What if I never walked away and took the time to talk to you.Always said the words and did the things you wanted to"
Things to do in the Caldwells, Fairfield, Roseland and Essex Fells
your love is still the only thing that matters in this world... the only thing i can believe
So my music teacher said I could get an a for my performance.. Alright then.
Have lots to do today, making some new fetish clips to put up
Tweeted that just for attention If you finish the dishes first the rest of the day will be down hill.
Anything in particular that you like? Do you think he will be more of a project or do you expect him to contribute right away?
No problem, just got my ticket. Hopefully we'll have a lead in the series at that point.
ill share a room with yurr hot cuzin
So close to 100 followers!
Love it! RT Just did some reader's advisory at the nail salon.
Girls are so mean. They tell their friends to "flaunt it if they got it" but then call girls they don't even know sluts for doing that.
Operation: Sound Off! now has a facebook page!
So would I Michelle! I think you must have amazing skills with that sexy mouth and tongue of yours!~ My oh My! Xoxo
Very cool art display
I don't know if I'm getting better or just getting use to the pain.
cool i wouldnt mind getting to work with you and you making beats just for my style and heres my email
hey you. I hope youre having a good break!
aweome! Have a good one mate!
typical life of a runner would follow me
Weather is nice in Orlando, Florida ! lol We get those hail storms too.
Come on keep the followers coming guys! Get me to 400 #MuchLove <3
Follow my bro for those hot exclusive beatz near u !
Does anyone know where my shot book is??
It's like a 7 on the come out roll. A snack, if you will.
OH: I gotta girl party to go to for my birthday
Teachers are working hard on grades! Report cards for second quarter come home this Friday!
I am working on way too many art projects..I'm going crazy..time to take a break.
Haven't tried his class yet. Went to Jazz 1 a couple weeks ago. I was the only student. Got a private for $12! Deal!
This week's featured She Shines! Entrepreneur, Madeleine Eno, of In the Write Place, makes magic with words. Read her story at...
I'll heat up some spam for you.
This is crazy. If Kansas wins greatest comeback in NCAA Finals history.
It's like I knew man.
it's ironic then how you tagged that last tweet with "#fb"
pride n prejudice...lil women..and wizard of oz tix in sale now...www.yatkids.org for more info
shift in personal interactions in education - face to face is complementing online classrooms. Boettcher
how about I let you give me an exotic massage on my overly broad shoulders & linebacker back & you quit reporting on Aliviane
On top of the world when I'm on top of you babaay.
Sometimes, the Wrong choices take us to the Right places.
Get on my lap and dance.
I had to break the habit of picking up phone @ light when I was unaware of sirens from behind until it was close
Working at a public library has taught me that all children scream at all times.
"Mizzou silences KU fan's terrible golf joke by winning the National Championship on their way to the SEC."
#Tweet1800 for all members of ! #Chamber #HipStreet #Descants ! <3
lol i know :)
it's always nic cage movies i end up live tweeting and i'm pretty sure that's because i always watch them alone.
I need to get Internet explorer on my Mac
I got the best pics and videos ever
Bermudez fouls a pitch off and we're under way.
Tweet Your Seat.// Huey Lewis, because I'm still making it Hip to be Square.
Hearing the audio of the SC justices has been so interesting. Much more than I thought possible.
Morning! When you get a chance can you please leave on our A Youthful Soul, Inc. FB info on your company
haha yikes that's a ton of hand collation.
Excited for #12NTCCollab with and
I wanna go home and watch Heroes.
I haven't but I hear it's amazing. Hey, any font favorites for the interior?
lol You know it!
Just like Matlock!
space elevator - think big!
Kindof a freak of nature today. Woke up on my own after a tiny bit of sleep. Debating sleeping another half hour, or going in early.
No autocorrect. It's not "mother fliers." Although I did just get an idea for an awesome airline.
I broke another glass today -_-
-- Since Broxton is uslees ... you're essentially asking about Dee Gordon and Sanchez for Castros??? I'd want the Castro end ...
It issue hot as hell " can't tell ppl to go to hell if we living in it"- sumbody at kroger
Ahahah it's a blessing.
2,222 fans! Tell your friends about Science Update!
it's an agenda that's hate driven (Pete Thamel's that is). You're looking far into this. It's about as professional as I amlol
I ain't mad atcha I got nothin but love for ya
just dropped off some grub for us on the tours! Music starts over there at 7 tonight!
Opening night of the Tournament and Team Nottheface is ranked 100 on the leader boards, going strong for the title
Just found out Carroll Shelby died last week. End of an era.
going to try Moa tonight, Will let you know. Wish they had their menu online, though.
‘Below one per cent women eligible for blood donation&#39;
Another great day! #naturalhair consults with amazing results!
The conversation of a "chat" needs to be extended between chats. Ideas/conversations shouldn't die.
"What happened was, we confused your bossiness with braininess, and those are two very different things"
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -Woody Allen
all I smell is sunscreen!
: Looking forward to it this year! Can't wait to get good photo's of the concert's.
": I didn't ask for this.. I worked for this.."
Captain America wouldn't last long though. Hulk will only get angrier and bigger/stronger
She's gonna try fucking you, I know it.
Halloween Horror Nights tonight with , , , and some others! We're going to tear the place up!
Separate the wheat from the chafe.
dude u r the rapper of all time lightin the blizzunt enjoyin it thanks bro
- i am, who i am. no approval needed.
thank you! Thx for sending!
Wow what a night! Thanks everyone for coming to the club tonight to celebrate Brian's Five Year Anniversary as the owner of Lotus Nightclub!
never does that. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Just saying...RT : is an awesome leader for the crew
How did pull off such a strong victory in a crowded field? Join me,Kenyan, and Askia Muhammed today at 6 on WPFW.
Downtown NYC saturated with cops. Never seen anything like it. As a green card person I had to leave but it feels like a defeat
it has to start in Atlanta so you can meet Mary.
true dat. happy new year!
#ROCHESTER #NEWYORK Bitch
not when it's short course. ;-)
Quiet car.
LMBO. Go from pretty to money guess so...
lucky feels like all chance, blessed has religious tones. need something that is a little different :)
You are correct. On both counts.
Did anyone get Friday the 13th tattoos today? We wanna see em!
Brad thanks for following me!
You had me at meat tornado
#cybermonday = install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Retweet for
lemme see that hip SWING!
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure. ~ Clarence Darrow
Hey greenali13! Glad to see a local on Kupoz!
Cool I speak Spanish in Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic
Tough life you anchors & producers live. Some of us spent the night working.
Well, I've definitely reached my caricature quota for the week. And for my life.
Tim Tebow is no longer trending. He also is no longer starting.
Thanks to for giving us some great advice about promotion. And So It Begins!
This could work. This could really, really work. (Step 2: Twitter about it.)
It's so goin down...we're gonna act like we live at campus ridge tomorrow night!! haha
Headed to Albany, NY. It's been 12 years!
"Everybody's lookin' for love. Aint that the reason your at this club."(:
Got the bugs.
RT : Help my friend Jill by using the code word #CURE at Pinkberry this wknd 20% goes to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society
congrats guys on your partnership with Optima. Should be a great team for 2012!
If a guy likes it why not. All Cultural Conditioning. Anybody should do what they like.
For Whom The Bird Tweets
She's just getting the whole texting thing, so I'm saving twitter for next year, lol
I hate 8am classes. I seriously cannot wake up before a certain time.
Waiting for 2 and a half hours in line for universal tickets?
Im so tireeedd!
I'm waiting for you outside of the school, come out already!
only when you are on the table
Spring break > anything else
I talk crap about them all the time but yesterday i bought a retro phone for my phone lol
Everywhere i go, everyone i know. These memories will stay with me
good luck man!
Napoleon Dynamite
It's a really bad idea for me to be studying more than a day in advance. I think I'll stop now.
my mind is being blown so far!
I want to know why there's no Marshmallow setting on this microwave.
#ThingsMyMotherSays (or used to) my momma used to say "yum-o" like Rachel ray did whenever she tasted something she liked.
The winner of our Perfect Grandma Contest is Betsy Roybal from Las Vegas, NM! We are deeply honored to have her represent us.
Found myself missing coffee mosies with and as well as the ones with and
see you then!
I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us.
#FollowFriday Kick-ass bands & great people too! #ThankYou (via )
Moving right along...May issues now at Dominos, 9th St. Deli, Library, Tandoor, Kim Moon, more. Hungry for lunch yet? I am.
This #HiredHand calling himself a #Preacher said he don't care how much unrighteous acts R done by the #Righteous they remain righteous! Huh
Don't let defeat define you, define defeat as part of your journey to success! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
THANK YOU! Cant wait to see you live at the Wiltern :D
that was a great dinner!
What purposeful event are you doing tomorrow? #Boston Walk for Hunger. Learn more about our community. #DoGood We need you. Pls RT!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf you know u're eventually gonna get caught?
This is just an intro'd piece. Expect lots of debate and discussion from all sides.
Happy Seventh Birthday Sam (a little late). Hope you had a really great day.
RT : Let us know if you try this one: New Site Shows You How to Enhance Your Higher Education With Google Services -...
Ok one final down...now all I can think about is the going away party and buying more bacon.
can't wait to see at #sfiaaff12 So proud of you on
CHEERS to a wonderful weekend ahead!
gotta go warm up so I can cut the last four vocal tracks for the new CD!! OH YEAH!!!
are u there in person??
I could have done that!! ;)
This place is trying real hard to push my buttons. But guess what? I don't give a f*ck. I'm going to #LasVegas bitch!
? wat sorry to bud in but what my friend is gonna go crazy
Re: carpool: We didn't get to know each other that well, but maybe after a few more trips to the pool!
What's the difference between a mephistophelean bargain and a faustian bargain? Nothing?
Love my Bobbe
Wait. This show is next Monday, right? RT : Racebanon with when Dinos rules the earth tonight!
ya'll should check out club rain fri. june 18 1st ever famous friday hosted by money in da bank free cover
2 more months then it's off to Puerto Rico to marry the love of my life!
I can not WAIT to hear that!!!
i have a pretty birthday cakee :D
:) RT : ...just can't wait to get on the train again... the life I love is building companies with my friends...
I voted the 25 times that I could! :)
No worries! We'd love to have you at a future event make sure to join the group for meetup updates!
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
#NW bad girls club reunion pt2
Google is doing much more for #accessibility. It's good for all users of Google products across devices
Get a holla to the #303 ! Nothing better than the state of Colorado!
fill one out if you're so confident
shh. She's not going to be surprised now.
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
Whos down to kick it?
That awkward moment when a picture of my backside is on the Boston Youth Fund website....
CRAP! That should be illegal in 50 states! C'mon
Tired does not describe what I am right now
Kmsl , Swayy know she gone leave though
I wish the haters would imagine "no religion" applying to not worshiping one man or his song.
Living A Dream..!!! Working Hard, Playing Hard
#Packers for sure, 15-1 and out. #Brewers loss hurts more to me because success for them has unfortunately come so infrequently.
Lovely day well spent with new computer... we'll just call him "booboo," a script, and good company.
western digital makes the best externals. Never had an issue with em. Any time I try others I regret it.
always & forever no doubt;) & wow I can't even remember the last time we got into an argument ! <3 that's god!
tomorrow I believe.
what if #Ravens can land Hue as OC??? Familiar w joe and system.
as long as they want to give you bombs and money for Israel.
I WANNA TALK TO ALL I GET IS "BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP"
Pumped to rock out tonight. Show starts at 10pm. Playing with great bands: and
Everything I need to know about life I learned from the Liza With a 'Z' album.
"If There's Someone In My Bed..They're Definitely Getting Fucked" - Joel D Smith
I wish I didn't work today.
Feel free to dress up as your favorite character.
Working on the new draft boards there looking hella good. make sure to check out the site later today and sign up for the mailing list :)
30min. left until its prince royce bday! ^.^
Definitely doing the spadework, but right now I'm more interested in getting the debut novel published and writing the next one.
New Cash Clown Ft Cap1 &quot;Racks N Bands&quot;
Geez- almost got my coffee hot this morning. Does this mean the real summer weather will last through december?
was very surprised to learn today that SIX brand new MLS stadiums have been built since 2010
i get around ..but i don't stop for hoes *Tupac voice*
I think I loosened up for the world last night... Hahaha got in at 5am... Holidays... Gotta love it
the bird bird bird, the bird is the werd?
thanks man.
The rest of my joke,what did the ghost say to the bee? Boobees RT if you get that!
No sweeping up cheese and lettuce when all you do is talk about their problems..they unload anyway we can at least be in a comfy office.
Like they added a new master suite onto the house but you have to go outside and around the garage to get to it.
I just signed up and I am in District 11
Hope you find a way to make it work. Creatives doing "shut up and draw" work is never a good thing.
yeah I feel you
Summer produce is at an end. Heavier dishes r on the menu and you should be seeing more offal. God I love Fall. Can't wait for parsnips.
I hate when he falls asleep while im textin him D:
u went to bed so goodnight(; our first game is tomorrow against one of our main rivals<33 u owe mee goodluck wishes
yeah cx cause everytime I ask him he says no :p
heck yeah
#Harmonica on stage right now at the Old Towne Pub!!!
Son was stung pretty pretty badly today by a jellyfish. The attention of the beautiful Thai women probably made up for it. ;)
SHUT UP I TOLD YOU WE'RE TWINS
Bored out of my mind. If you have my number, text me. :)
every1 love you. You are fierce
Rachel Scarpati of Harry Fox at #NARM2012 said: Technology moves faster than the law and that is the problem with setting rates re: lockers.
Oh the things that go on in section 137...
we should get together sometime. It would be great to catch up.
Up early, but I don't have class until 11 :/
I'll be at MES next week. Looking forward to it!
LOVE that had to announce museum overcrowding via twitter tonight, I wish that "problem" for all museums!! Cheers to crowds!
Movie recommendation is "A Christmas Story"
Lol Breaking Down Everything Ok I Got You
have you been there, people wear less on the streets in front
It's karaoke Wednesday and we're serving up karaoke courage for you all night long.
and WHY is the city paying $5K in ground rent to ANYONE? Buy that land back!
Pearson, has turned AIMS standardized testing into a billion-dollar-a-year industry. Dumbing down our kids, one test at a time..
Another day, another promo. :)
Q3. What shall be the Royal Theme Song of your kingdom?
She dreamed of Paradise.
#Oscars fun fact RT : James Franco and Anne Hathaway are the first male/female #Oscars Hosting duo to share the same stage
I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny
my boy Aaron said he'd drive down from Pittsburgh once a week to practice with us and play bass..
Your values come from deep inside you. Spend the time necessary to discover them. Hold fast to them; honor them by your actions.
Ladies you know a secret? - Your man will move the world for you if you love him and support him and cheer for him. But he won't do nothing
with the exception of about 6 weeks of summer, you can have that in Portland, OR.
RT : #overthesummer im doing speed and strength and sand volleyball
Lol dude mad cuz i got a boyfriend now.. Jealousy is so not cute!
Watching South Beach Tow!
It is indeed a jockstrap... ;) Sorry there is no picture of the back.
"...Tonight, the streets are ours..."
i love you
Its Work Monday & Tuesday . Make sure to tune in ABC at 8 & Vote for William Levy on Dancing with the Stars . ......Soon to see him :)
good day, mate(:
it's super fantastic now that you're a part of it, my sweet angel rebeka. and how was your day, dear?
had a great time at rubas b-day party!!!
Come to the Book signing today SAT 09/17 at WALGREENS - Fairfax CITY, Virginia 1100 AM to 100 PM
"...things musicians do when they are just messing around." Great line i thought. Pretty great stuff, Jeremy!
i would say you are a lucky lady if you have a husband with a penis that big/long
we hear ya!
viva la at
Many producers enjoy digging though crates of albums. I tend to enjoy digging through crates of comices from the 60s to the 80s.
I always go to sleep to Seinfeld and The Office. Planet Earth sounds kind of trippy to sleep to
#Sunday = getting #life together day! Laundry, cleaning, #brunch, a little #work and some
good catching up with you yesterday. You are a true gentleman and scholar
Change of plans: Open gym Monday night 6-7:30 in the dome.
Why is psychoanalysis so much quicker for men than for women? Men don't need to be regressed back to their childhood.
Deliverin' me a cold pop on rollerskates?
Happy birthday!!! ~From BW
Watch new PBS special about adolescent girls by Rachel Simmons: "A Girl's Life" tonight on Channel 11 at 8pm.
OMG. The next person I see saying "carbs are the evil" is getting PUNCHED.
#honestyhour since november till this past week my life has been hell :/
I'm ganna kill somebody on this job site today. #Fact twenty to life seems like it might be worth it right now.
I like Fran's attitude! ": "Food is an important part of a balanced diet." -- Fran Lebowitz"
Excuses is just a cowards way out!
RT : The thing I love about baseball is that it has all the excitement of football, packed into 162 4 hour games.
With lil bro texting my baby(I miss her alot)
that's very creepy.
Shana is an older series (2005), so it makes sense for the DVD. The BD though, they upscaled it in Japan for a quick buck.
Loving my Baby :) I swear we grow more love for each other everyday <3
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, #MarchMadness, #AutoShow, and #StPatricksDay. Is anyone attempting all 3?
In your marketing communications, determine the desires of your customers and fulfill them.
I wish I was still 9 years old. Mainly because that's when I was in a relationship with
keep up the + energy.It's contagious ;)
Offering free product to Octomom is a risky PR strategy. Very opportunistic & inappropriate. Wrong message for any brand.
There's no salsa tonight! So it's going to be Suzie Homemaker and gym rat for me!
I have Brooke and Pics will be taken of me during my presentation.
LAUREN:Why do they call it Homework? KAILYNN:Because you work on it. At home. LAUREN:Hey , I never thought of it that way!!!!! :)
Got to see my family today!!!! I really miss them and if it wasn't for school I would be there
Any baseball fans out there? Opening Day is just around the corner...
MI GURL JUST CALLED ME N TOLD ME SGE DEEP THROUTED FOR THIS FIRST TIME WTF HAHA
that is the truth! Either find happiness or move on!!
I'm ready for a party!
Well cause I'm going to Saturday market with Dakota & her bb. Rollin joints & sittin at the waterfront?
Man I wish #ArizonaWildcats was playing in the #NCAA tournament but they probably would of lost in the first round like last night ugh.
Just walked through a spider web. Hello spring!
I know I should feel bad but I just feel relieved.
Working more on Hide and Seek.
happy easter Austin :D
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.-- Peace Pilgrim
how do you get a new one if my rubber part ripped off
I would give a nigga my house to kill that bitch!
I'm fuckin weak right now. Like I can't move.
Way to go getting your proposals in early. And you better be there no matter what. :)
#ihatewhen i im talking to someone and someone else jumps in the convo
It doesn't matter what i do! you'll never be mine again! so no matter what i do that won't change -.-
is barely twittering
About to give another local reading - still get nervous!
Excitedly I got me one, I got a runner. And with that he aimed and fired his 30/30. I hope Mad Jack was looking at the Beautiful blue sky
i know I'm in the vast minority here, but I didn't care for THE HOST.
Sticking to my roots. Rock Chalk all the way baby!
"Don't worry honey, cleavage makes your cross hang straight"
Having a blast. Thanks Jones Family come and see us again next Wednesday!!!!
me too:(
we need to do lunch/happy hour later in the wk! When r U free!?
“: I love #TeamBieber. No one can stop this family” we love you so much more !
"Do you go out with friends?" "Well, a boy's best friend is his mother..."
Worked on an interview with Seau and at a charity event last season. Junior was so humble and concerned with giving back to SD
RT ; If you think is a cutiee (;
Happy birthday !!
When Austin's online Twitter becomes so alive. (:
best tweet ever.
- 80 gal. Gotta' love it. And <3 that L.A. has finally arrived in the #CraftBeer revolution. Cheers to THAT. And, congrats!
follow back??
"To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!"
that's fine :)
ok i gotchu bro
You know you truly care about someone when you have to try to convince yourself that you don't.
and then youll put up an eharmony video. and cry about cats. and actually get guys to like you guy since your awesome!
get your booty over to the house
I am super psyched for our lunch date next week! And yes, I used the word "psyched"!
Good, maybe i can hold on to some of my money.... :)
It's funny how I used to loathe Justin Bieber, but now I'm totally swooning over him. 0.o
How can anyone who spends $990 on 1 blouse even pretend to understand life for real women trying to figure out how to afford shoes for kids.
want to try something different and worldly?
Godzilla is trending,it's possible he caused this mess, with his little stubby arms and bad breath all angry because nobody loves him.
I kno I gotta look harder
Not that I have many followers, but I wanted to tell you that I'll be tweeting tonight for a class at MATC. I'll start with#MKTG118 ^JM
I am beyond tired and exhausted from this week, but these grades are proving to me that all this work is worth it gotta
When theres a doubt within your mind because youre thinking all the time, framing rights into wrongs. Move along, move along.
Press conference.
Pantera's is by far the best pizza out there.
Well, you're not following me. ;-)
Ikr ..I'm in the lab now finishing up some writing on a record.
Can't a girl get a break already! F! Another M!
Finally saw Haywire last nite. Really enjoyed it, great job by Soderbergh and Gina Carano rocks as a kick-ass super soldier.
The remix is my fav. version of that song. Have a great weekend, chica! :)
come and see us soon then! :)
Hey Liam ! I LOVE You !!! -- Love your Surfer girl down here in Hawaii :)
Glad you like it :)
Latest on Randy Moss?
Excited for my shoot with tomorrow.
im still me.RT if ur really bored n slpy.
Much Aloha ! Eat Well.
Never had a bloody nose in my life & all I do is get then now!
oh :L
At Grand Opening & Ribbon Cutting for member Ralphs supermarket on Sports Arena Boulevard in San Diego. Beautiful new store.
Mission City Cat Show official Fiesta Event Saturday and Sunday Event Center . Viva Fiesta San Antonio
": On route to ATLANTA... Meet n greet today 3pm / REMIX:LIVE party tonight + Roll call!
Troll Face wars with perfect distraction from english paper. #thanksalotyo lol!
thinking about the relationship between narrative and practice in constructing identity. How do I make myslef American? Jewish? female?
I love my boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Got a great outfit for tomorrow #PictureDay Last day of pictures this is for my favortive teacher to go on her back wall!!!
Database management is biggest key
Note to Self: Try not communicating with people who have office jobs. Apparently, they all hate it. Wait till they are home.
Dont like the Bulls, Dont like the Heat, Dont like the NBA, Dont care!
RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called "Mario Speedwagon"
smokey mountains? are you guys coming to Atlanta? your so close!
Cloudy & cooler after Thunder & Rain...TX Weather in PHX!! Can't wait to play in Austin next weekend! #HookEm !!
Thanks goodness girl! I was worried about you! Continue with your crazy water intake. Good luck with the train ride!
I'm so sorry haha.
Welcome to all my new followers. I am going to start using Twitter frequently. It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
I'm either going to Miami or Atlanta for my birthday: who wanna cum???
I hate the people on this bus more than anything.
That sounds good...RT : always! RT : I could go for some horchata and a breakfast burrito
Job security = Can never be promoted
go read story!!! u will love it:) then RT it:D
LOL thanks hommie please tell me the next event
very ready to get back in school...never thought I'd say that
...and GlobalMeet beats WebEx any day
No problem, catching up on a lot of follow backs right now!
Bow to Queen HIIT! word! done!
That nerdy moment when the dentist is drilling on my teeth and I think the sound sounds like a lightsaber war.
If you think "everything happens for a reason" about EVERYTHING that happens life gets more fun. Try it. I'm serious.
I'm an Episcopal, that's Catholic Light. Same religion...half the guilt.
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :)
Does anyone know if Bmore's 32nd St/Waverly Farmers Market will be open Saturday? Some area markets are closing for Irene.
to have #sales confidence, you must first build and develop your SELF-confidence. learn more about #sales #psychology in my ebook.
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rays--some small redemption for the season.
Ah there's the
I hope that social media helps people more than it harms them - Dear God, please let twitter make me money.
I predict that LeRoy Butler loses the card with GB's 2nd Round pick on it and just wings it at the podium.
Not that big of a fan but dang you guys are cutee ;) You guys should do a song with :D
our brainwaves were crossing, just said the same thing re: australian egalleys
Judge Keesler: There is a danger that as a bar and as lawyers and judges we mistake activity for achievement #charlottecle #ediscovery ^BM
wait...you're up here in NYC and didn't call... bo
Finally, NBA making progress towards ending this ridiculous lockout.
Love U, baby!!!
Did you know: St. Paddy's Day celebrations extend all the way to Japan, Russia and Singapore. Don't miss the MKE parade - March 12 at noon!
me too. well, anytime really. also applies to apple juice.
"Lame" is deprecated, but I share your sentiment. I'm still clinging to a straw of hope nonetheless.
Why is my timeline so dead.
Thanks for the shout out! How's your weekend?
Congrats for FINALY getting a twitter!
Need me in the game, I'm the thrill in your life Breath of fresh air
Nothing better than bike riding to work and having some extra time for a couple of laps around the national mall
thank you!
Happy Leap Day! 7 leap days ago was my last day in the corporate world!! Always a special day in my heart!
he had that porn stash a lil while ago.
BIRDS YOU NEED TO STFU
I can't stand my family for long periods of time anymore :(
Hansen continues to walk and pose for pictures in Barn 42. Union Rags is back in his stall.
i know!! I freaked out!
was the scope question Q3 or Q2?
there are no UP's in the SF Apple Store, the employees have no idea what I'm asking about.
Landry Fields is no longer a shooting guard. He is now a dunking guard
I wish my mom would ever wake me up to log into FB. I'll take her laptop and iPhone privileges away from her.
I don't see any "I'm live @ _ _ _ " for this morning.
Enjoying every second of not playing a spring sport
don't mock soccer. It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill. Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
funny when u look in the mirror u still cant c urself clearer or fight life cuz ur still not inferior.
This great, love it! in other words don't lose focus
Can't wait for the Voice!!!! Sing it!!!
I'm already following him
~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)
RT : be on da look out for this new track with me, & !! "Im On"
GOOD LUCK BBY ;*
how much I miss him when he's sleeping even I'm exhausted and the amount of feeding he does!
If Bush was still President, this morning's news would be a Predator drone strike that killed one of Bin Laden's wives.
Step Brothers never gets old
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet. Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
Dont walk away when im talking to yew xoxo
Blessed be the Lord my strength, who teaches my hands to war & my fingers to fight."#Psalm 144:1
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
wassup sorry bout that .
Can't wait to hear it. Damn good flick.
Vera Wang "we don't glove you anymore".
US: 25 out of 30 for infant mortality rate in industrialized nations. Rates even higher in most communities of color. Need
RT : The Barrick Auditorium is rockin' for a Get Out the Vote event. Titus, Berkley and Reid will be in the house @ 1pm!!!
just got a proposal for an atari themed html5 dev competition! Keep the ideas coming
Kinda wish I was paintballing in the morning haven't been since last October
(This urban renewal digression brought to you thanks to )
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Re: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY- driving to Annapolis w a buddy, if anyone else wants to car pool w/us to see this history changing moment, txt me.
Samsung unveils the Galaxy S I
Never been to Durham have you?
Okay let me know when your in town.
St. Patrick's day, we try & be Irish for the day by drinking, what do they do in Ireland this day? Go to Church... shouldn't we follow suit!
thanks for checking it out!!!
I've lost five pounds.
What day are you moving?(:
You smile. I smile. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Thanks for all of the follows! Been a slow summer but auditions are picking up and BreakADream is going to be posting more sad stories!
RT : Q5- If you were to provide advice to a new instructional designer, whatwould it be?
Facials Try our amazing C-Esta Facial for winter skin and get $20.00 off any Jan Marini Skin care product of your choice $75.00
Nice to see so much momentum for ! Interesting he has 2X amount of friends on FB than Demaio.
i hate when ppl lie bout dumb shit
Two more days until my Birthday my Birthday my Birthday :-) and they said no way would I see it! lol, bla bla bla
Chris Isaak - Don't Make Me Dream About You - 06:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
All of my old friends think they're too cool for me.
I know what imma do for my mom on mothers day ^.^
So straight vodka then? I swear I saw that billboard and said out loud "Morris Day and the Motha Fucking Time"
I have the body of a 6 foot 16 year old ballet dancer 0_o I want to gain 15 pounds
Going out in SA, TX. What we got..Racks on Racks on Racks!
Welcome to all our new followers! We love you guys!
Thinking of and all of the good she does for young women.
"Ninety-eight percent of success is in the head and the heart." -Cathy Ferguson, Olympic swimming
Here come the waterworks
What is happening?!?! SNL has rocked it 2 weeks in a row! Holy cannoli!!!
Verizon Customer Service: Staffed by Blockheads? You decide!
Whoa, that's a strange policy!
#Tito #Francona should put Showalter in his place.
I want to be the guy who places the seal of the Vice President on podiums.
Contrary to what ANYONE says about tonights event NO HOT female will pay any type of cover @ Colony tonight!
Are you still camping out on our bar stool? Glad to hear you dig our beers. Cheers!
use a simple BMR calculator to find your BMR, Once found any calories consumed under that # you will lose, over that # will gain
Yup. We're spinning up EC2 as we speak.
Danby Marble Available For Residential And Commercial Construction
Love the MRA family!!!!!
Probably one of the best weekends ever. And I went to an aquarium lol
Yea! My little one decided he was tired of watching Finding Nemo...#goldrush...We are on with a Longboard island Lager next to me!!!
How did "there's more than 1 way to skin a cat" become a saying? If you skin cats don't talk about it in public, ever. Also, you & I can ...
Please,follow me :D
If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk. Robert Baden-Powell
I have blueberries
Running the events of last night through my head and imagining them twice as great tomorrow
It's a great weekend with lot's of fun Weddings and events! Brides @ us your wedding and we will RT you!
Scary movie!!
The Salvation Army's Emergency Disaster Services are on the scene of even the most desperate crises.
You forgot to list The West Wing this morning as one of the top five tv shows!
Im gettin potbelly when i get uptown.
Would you ever move back to SD? I tried leaving once but got so homesick it didn't last. lol
oh wow! idk whether to be excited or nervous about watching!
Getting on a plane headed to NYC never gets old
A part-time job I'll give myself over the summer is to look at Shirley Clarke's papers at the Center for Film and Theater Research.
": Dont expect to find the right person if you arent willing to let the wrong one go."
a milestone for your pup. Better hide your shoes!
yes! i was just about to tell you
what is wrong with these people? Candy AND ghostbusters? What's a librarian to do?
A pig's orgasm lasts up to 35 minutes!!
Take charge of your Financial Future - Dave Wozniak
bored watchin tv wishin he would txt me
Just home from Toronto...What an amazingly vibrant city! Got to see a great Elliott Brood show...Thanks for hooking me up, Steve Pitkin!!!
#neverapologizefor being honest
Why do quys say they'll call us, when they never do?. We wonder if it was just a one-niqht stand?. Why do WE have to text them first?. O.o
Airport, boston time :) with
Exhausted today...I need a massage. And a margarita ...
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
I want today to go as quick as possible... I want Friday already:(
Where do you want to be seen with your Mom, Grandma, Aunt, Sister on Mother's Day - why at SDSU's production of Little Women of course!
only 2-0 lead in mlb #postseason..yep your milwaukee !!!
With attack ad blitz starting on Romney, if Huntsman can come in second in NH he cold have momentum going into s Carolina
i wanna put fat in my bio. but god dayum its perfect already.
My buckeyes going end
Over my dead body
Feeling kind of sick ugh!
WAtched this fucked up video 2n with this Chinese kid named le where this Russian guy got his head cut off it was real
#damnyouautocorrect amirite? haha...and yes, frosties are much needed. now go enjoy your cold one!
I have "Pride" for
dat ass! It's all I got. But for real I'd be a way better waiter than he is too.I'd even warn u about the shitty martini u got!
Sleeping all 7th period .. Waking up freezing !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
hahahahah! you wish!
Show is great, but you need to read the books. Thick reads, but quick. Joffrey is even more evil on pages
"All these teams that lost tonight don't have big guys." My point exactly, Charles Barkley.
Warm Wishes!
Yves Klein exhibition app! Hirshhorn -> Walker
how not to learn how to drum: listen to your original songs, try to imitate Jon Bollinger, repeat.
Went to see "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" earlier! It was the best scary movie I've seen in a while!!
sounds like a plan, I'll be there
Stave victimized by a drop, pass was thrown a little behind Jeff Duckworth but the junior should have made the catch
much love to you and your family, Adam. We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
hey anyway you can post that on facebook ? I wanna announce it on there
it's nice when corporate america walks by our sign, cause you know they can read "fuckyou!" hahahaha
We can play Journey at his house while enjoying the Flatness IPA.
drink water backwards
Thank you
#HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids
I kinda feel there should be no difference in a foul call no matter position on the field. If it's a foul, it's a foul.
Maybe my team will feel my support vibes in the #DMV and start playing #Tarheel basketball. We don't miss free throws!!!
pitching now at #SocEntWknd to reduce cost of solar power in WA state. "together let's make WA a greener place"
do the mens heath abs diet. You'll definitely achieve that goal
well thanks for the tip tho, i'm already used to weird machinations to get iphone FB app to load pix properly, so what the hey
Paul White speaking to us via Skype about the 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
Man be saying the realist shit
Would you say that your online identity as "Scandy" toed the line of porn? So many men seemed so quick 2 consume you.
": Michael Eric Dyson teaches a class at Georgetown about Jay-Z." Now that's cool.
Good luck finding the fuck that I should give about you.
Kate upton doin the cat daddy is easily top 5 sexiest things ive ever seen hands down no doubt about it <U+E106>
So the old lady behind me in the flight to Austin threw her nasty used tissue on my shoulder then it processed to roll into my lap!
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Confucius
Lakers game in 5 min. after a double-header! Philly about to win this one.
Woo! Sub in history
This nigga almost deleted the beat lol
Chiana:Yes, I'm still here but my tweeter is tuckered out!
We're so excited to be on board to help promote the best #stpattysdayparty in #MKE!
Today 1936: Hottest temperature recorded in Wisconsin: 114 degrees in the Wisconsin Dells.
They truly did deserve it and we can't wait to have them come to San Diego!
If I choose you over sleep, you better feel fucking special.
Thanks for the support!
Come see #TheOysterPrincess tonight with a live score from #BeeVsMoth at 9p
thanks! :) whats up?
Cubs are going to do badly this year anyways, this doesn't change that. ;)
Jesus that is lol
“: my son said he liked Steven's dress better. Ha!” LOL!
Adam Glick Adam Glick is partnering with #farmers , #chefs , #souschefs , #linecooks , #packagers , #shippers & #bicycledelivery-#men and #…
welcome to my san francisco life. get use to it lol
#Timbers fans... How Tough is your Goal keeper? Find out tonight :30 and 11
Hey yall take a tip from Shakspeare: throw pebbles! Yelling "Steve! "WOO!" Only wakes the whole Alley. Better yet: text Fool.
Going to the Corning Museum of Glass today! :D
Nice win #Noles! Lucky in the 9th RT WALK-OFF!!!! Jayce Boyd gives the Noles the sweep with a walk-off double. FSU wins 6-5.
Going downtown for an event tonight? Try our FREE shuttle service from Daily Grill at 6th and Flower. Call (213) 622-4500 for details.
sorry to miss your #metweetup at an awesome wellness conference at Sunday River instead
I know right I think I bombed that test I'm Freaking out
Donated 10 bags of clothes to Goodwill this year. Feels so good to help others!
glad you saw! the book(s) ain't cheap!
"Dancing heals us somewhere deep inside." True words.
My wife's been craving potato salad lately - are you sure you're not pregnant?
Do you give everything you have for your dreams? This actress spent her last paycheck to get Tyler Perry's attn AND she is talented!...
Floor decided to allow one more player enter past reg time. Totally sazzled the guy at my table who bet the under on 100 entrants.
has a lot of work to do after work today; plannin' my 26th Birthday Bash & workin' on gettin' another job! lol Here we go!!! lol
Just got to the stadium!
Mark Ballas' 'DWTS' blog: Double duty - Asbury Park Press
S/o to smile
lol I do that at the beach house cuz I hate making those stupid bunk beds -.-
Someone I hardly know commented on one of my pictures on Facebook, saying "You look like you should be on the news." Oh, if he only knew...
Almost got 'doored' while running on Farwell. That's never happened before.
she's only opening up for certain concerts :) is also another opening act in other concerts.
well then. but mines better. you wouldn't have copied it if it wasnt and you know it. and oh Julie go home. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
0 Awards honor excellence in leveraging SaaS technologies
Declared that 's spirit animal is Bam Margera.
I was kidding .... u know how they save all the dramz for the after show? It's like they milk the show for all it's got
Hitting a few games in June, thats when I'll check out casino too! RT
Wearing your seat belt is so uncomfortable. No wonder why I normally dont
You do you are the light when every things dark. When all else fails I look at you. You are a knight in shining armor. (cont.)
- Take o'brien to the empty trophy cases and tell him he can be the first UW QB to get crystal ball!
Gingrich counts as southern. Military brats get to choose.
Whenever a longtime figure like leaves the poker scene, it makes me feel, deep in my bones, that I really am a lifer.
can you bring me a case please ill give it back when i get mines
Cheers for everyone that came out to our one and only homecoming in Sligeach Epic great people..
starts following me at the exact moment I order 2 copies of "The Whore of Akron" ( needs one too!) Fate?
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
Special thnx to all that came out last nite, , Espn's Barry Melrose,Jeremy Roenick,, ,no ?
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>RT : "In order to be walked over, you have to be lying down." somthing I refuse to do. over my dead body
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation cause we're so caught up in playing w/ tech, we forget about what's important - Dean Kamen
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
When it's storming an raining and u have nothin 2 do! Just pull out ur play station and play Rock Band 2 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE>
i might be quoted in the Chicago Tribune soon. if i am, would you mind picking me up a copy/
No problem!
u crazy, Smoked!!
happy PI day! Also, pie day, but we replaced ours with doughnuts from the Bowery Day.
With the volume turned high.
Today is a day for remembering and honoring.
galveston! my sister and i spent the morning/afternoon there.
It's Simple...it's just ain't Easy. People make that mistake all the time.
Feeling refreshed and renewed! Love being newly optimistic and planning for greatness!
Yes... see, I started another twitter account and thought this one can be fun for me to rant and other can be professional.
you're coming next time!
RT - Blaine Gabbert is a couple of 4th-quarter David Garrard mental mistakes from being the starting quarterback of the...
Girls are so weird. I don't care who you know honey. Carry on
oh you know me too well!!!
I haven't seen her. Do you have a link to a picture or her twitter? I don't get why people have to be rude
Hi Okto it is great to hear from you. Best to your family and Popo and Luna cats.
Any suggestions for companies that handle estate sales in #Indy. (Northside)
which ones off rare your favorite
RT : has been to Falkirk, Strathclyde country park, Southshields and tomorrow at sun, snow & everything
Y U NO STREAM >_<
and everytime that we ... oh ... im more in love with you.
Good night rain! good night moon!
Wow! What next, Egypt? Which way forward? Please choose wisely for all our sakes.
You are so wonderful...thank you for my birthday shout-out! Also, Greenlake walk after work this week?
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
sure thing. I'll DM you my cell.
Thanks & for the #FF! You guys rock!
RT": Its funny how we try to move on and at the same time hold on.."
Hahahaha you would. I love you
Right? Bugs, snakes, raccoons the size of small horses!!! Yikes!!!
Happy Earth Day everyone! Do something green today... Then make it a habit :-)
Dead phone no power...
#SMTips: Planning holiday travel? Many airlines, including southwest & AA, are having fare sales that end today! Book before midnight.
Q1: (1 of 2) On heels of Seau death, fmr NFL QB Kurt Warner commented he would have reservations about sons playing football
Lost the ball to the navel ring for the 10th time grrrr
#Knicks #Amar'e punched the fire extinguisher glass just to get 2 the extinguisher since it might be the only thing to play defense vs
we're so excited for you! The preview was sweet!
You guys remember the #WhiteSox traded Mike Cameron for Paul Konerko, right? Thanks, Ron Schueler.
: Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
where do you find this stuff?
Just heard a radio ad for a 30-year variable-rate mortgage loan. Have we learned nothing?
Thanks, we are looking to add some fun stuff to our website, this is our first try :)
Bout to get my day started wish everyone a bless n productive day god is always on our side just believe in him
(Waves) Thank you for RT! Hope all is well! :)
Our dependence on foreign oil is a national security issue - and has been - with negative impact in 3 ways: Killing: Env; $
Bird Watch
yes unless the hair is soft. T. But its a good tool to clean up with less blade. But ur tliners need to b sharp and lines clean
Fun Fact: Charles University, host of The Prague Semester, was founded in 1348 and is the oldest university in Central Europe.
So many nerds in one room. A dangerous thing.
The Pythagorean Theorem unit in math is surprisingly easy!
Good tunes on the way tonight. Check out “Premium Jazz.” at wfsk.org. 7-9pm central. 8-10pm eastern.
Soo I aint got no socks for practice today --_______--
Fuck bars with dress codes
Another missed opportunity for the Crew, have to strike for more than 1 that inning.
Final went from 8am-10am. I finished it in 40 minutes. I shouldve slept in for an extra hour.
But, there seems to be a level of panic and worry among librarians which means that these resources aren't being found.
Oh Here we are again. Current call time... 26:45
Wait!?! Apparently Raven Symone is a lesbian.. I never would've guessed.
are still better than whisperers.
i share a birthday with ashton kutcher. same year, too. :)
I've been eyeing an iPad since the first one. Might be time. I'd do the in-app purchase thing if it was useful. Must try first!
Aw // RT "You are the kind of person that makes us feel there's a reason to become your fan! :)"
thanks for the #follow!
Ruby Rails vs PHP...Thoughts??
Romo's hand looks like the kielbasa my parents served on Christmas.
Yeah, I got that! Observation is great and honorable. Snark has its moments, too. Superstition, never.
sorry I'm just seeing this. Our hours are Mon-Sat 12-10 and Sunday 12-8... come on in!
That moment when you sing Can't touch this' Then someone touches you.. NO! you just ruined it..
Accurate - World Series. When it mattered most. RT Inaccurate
We got 6 trick or treaters tonight - it's a new record! Too far off the main drag, but it has its benefits (still have bowl full of candy)!
I kinda want to Sunday Funday but I kinda want to just lay in my bed... But what I need to do is study:(
No more shout outs? Last chance
not done giving away stuff tonight...another deucebrand watch on deck...guess the # of pts clips/spurs will win by...RT example spurs by 12
If Blizz wasn't so busy making new pets to sell, they totally would've already developed a talent to reduce that CD /trollface
Do people not understand the word no or..
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things, to compete.
Good luck to Darla Harris tonight at WFC!
... and I went to school with the writer!
RT : The follow up event to the class that Ted Munat taught is 2night! Inner Chapter Books. 4-9. Tickets avail. Still....
come to the lucky one premiere with me and sahra <3 <3
In a Catch-22 of weird moods
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide a7
#Bucks lost tonight to the #Pacers. So now they are down 2 & half games from making the #NBA playoffs with six left.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
Thanks, Kirk! I actually did a Bronze Anvil dance when I got the news :--)
Wow, good luck with that. That's like an antique in computer years!
In 2010, Seau survived a 30-ft plunge in his SUV off a cliff. Hours earlier, he had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting his girlfriend.
I have an extra ticket to tonight, who wants it?
S/O TO AND SEALING THE DEAL
The USPS is using scare tactics to get more ppl to use snail mail, that will surely get them over their impending falure...
Smh I need to become a better catholic.
Sometimes ideas show up when you're not writing or even thinking about it consciously. Brains are odd tools.
COKE ZERO LIGHT..........no, just tonic water. Oh yeah, Good Game :)
Can't believe its already September
Feel like an idiot. Just saw some I didn't know I had. Never responded--AM VERY SORRY!
i'm so weird
you're Following 36,573 people & im One Of Them..YEE <33
Can't wait to see you!
lol it's all love Indy
Back in the action finally! At Conseco Fieldhouse watching the Indy Karting Classic
Miss you!!!! See you next month!
What happened to the sweet Patrick Kane from the start of the season, who in an interview, referred to a girlfriend who gives him Twizzlers?
you're following the wrong account, hit me up on I want to chop it up with you about something
": “: my nigga” might wanna jump on the remix if you'll do it"can't wait to hear that is y'all down
School w/out today... and I are dyyiinnngg...
#MusicMonday Add some artists/comedians that are coming your way!
tasted your chips for 1st time @ Fremont Fair in Seattle this weekend. Really liked them. Feel free to send me samples 4 my store
I know!!! I don't know what we're doing. Will def let you know!
Looking forward to it!
coffee date with the stalker today...
Service Specialists of Dane County posted on their website they installed a furnace 6 days before the explosion. Story soon at madison.com.
Help GULA rally thursday 8-11am for fight the zero on capitol hill
Thanks for following! Look forward to reading your posts about
Wishing I had someone to share this PB&J with.
professionally or personally? Why? Do you think men are being to whiny about this topic?
if ya want
I'm here boo :)
“: #FunWestFact I don't really like being light skinned. I love being in the sun and getting golden bronze”<~ SO!
proof society doesnt completely suck! lol
The USC Emergency Protocol (a plugin for Blackboard) has officially failed -- launching SpitNMoxy 2.0 -- here's the plan+
I love you Niall!
Wtf is with pajama jeans.... Are they pajamas or jeans? I know I'm late but who would buy those?
haha we all played Monopoly as a kid ;) fixed everything on the phone by the way!
#hicss power back! Woo for having internet!
Gotta Take This SAT On Saturday ... Wish Me Luck !!! #FingersCrossed <3
have fun !!! lol saw your meal on instagram "I am dazzling" but major siked to hear the new album x
21 Jump Street was hysterical. And James Franco's brother is amazingly hot! Lick!
Thats the hardest part of the movie for me to watch
Think you are in safe territory and then - BAM! - image of enslaved man tied to tree, being whipped.
Don't give up, it will get better.
Depends how old the Mini Van is and I guess how long the guy has been living in his mom's basement.
tweet tweet tweet!
girl your not white
I guess he just really needed to smoke. I just knew he would light the blunt on the bus just cause he didnt care who saw him!
lol that's no necessary lol we just friends we get along better or else imma turn into crazy bm lol
Sad thing is I have no idea where my brother is right now. He's 17 and I haven't seen him since he was 12. I really do miss him <//3
I'm doing it for muscle growth and strength. Summer is around the corner. :)
You think he's looking to fire the band and get a new one? And then another keyboard player can hire you guys? LOL
Louis , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
Missing and this weekend. Reminiscing.
Montel Williams can get me 1,000 bucks by tomorrow! Awesome!
CLICK PHOTOS PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD" ORDER @
We hope you had a wonderful time!
People annoy me. Like go do one.
have fun picking cotton
happy early 18th birthday(:
why did I call him boss D: ?
it goes everywhere. Literally.
My mom comes home with cotton candy for me.. She knows me to well:) I love cotton candy
Can't wait RT : RT if you're excited for a new episode of Breakout Kings tonight at 10/9c on !! :)
Who do #single people go to the movies with?
I would still have my linebacker stature, but being back home around the alcohol...yeah...i'ma lineman for a while
Design conversation 31: Demonstration happening now
Im with you on that
Everybody's happier after a margarita... :)
very chilly this morning. No wonder Suh's car skidded out of control downtown...
juss ran into Arnaz at WalMart...awkward. but he sound different lol
Yes they will! :)
Time to get that Obama/Biden 2012 sticker
make that rookie of the year push and make Irving jealous
Is it standard practice to NOT charge customers for major upgrades?
Pedophiles of America: Stay away from 800 W Katella Ave, Anaheim<U+200E> CA<U+200E> 92802, United States. It's the National Cheer Championships
Come to zebraclub today, buy any outerwear and recieve a FREE beanie!
I knowww. I love it!(: haha.
Hmm, that's a long drive lol. I was more passing it along for you. Let me see what I have that week though, I'm a maybe.
yeah I think you're right
pay the lord be with us <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
What is art? Prostitution. ~ Charles Baudelaire
hey can you PLEASE follow me? k thx! lol plz
I'm tryin to go to sleep but I can't
Its My Birthday<3 Im Turning 14 today shout to abby from missouri on ustream please<3<3
Thanks, Misty!
Omg...milz at twilight
I'm strong on the surface not all the way through. I've never been perfect but neither have you.
wats up then
I stood up in class and screamed,"AIRPLANE MODE!" then through my phone across the room and it crashed..
I'm no Chris Daughtry ;) that guy's in a league of his own! :P<3<3<3<3<3
Live with m-o of mainstream music that we have. stop by to hear some very random stuff.
Yayyyyy so happy
Aaron Hernandez is cute. But SXREW YOU.
Bad Brains
“: I miss the #orioles.” Me too! Evening routine askew.
EXCELLENT rollergirl team name! Had a team from DC play ca. year ago; can't recall team name but outfits like Wonder Woman.
Try going European at #WineRiot NYC:
#Clippers win ! Can't wait till the playoffs!
Planning, Planning, Planning! Sometimes its just as much fun as Doing, Doing, Doing!
You're right Joe... It's not good. Can't score a run in 2 games.
OH HI
I have to work tonight and saturday........ah, I really don't wanna go, but I always feel that way
Technically, cocktail hour here is ANY hour, but I have been cutting back lately.
If you marry you will regret it. If you do not marry you will regret it. If you marry or do not marry, you will regret it.
Am i really at school ...
: Is singing an Aria part of the interview with channel's #CuriosityProject?? :D
Sometimes tweeting feels like screaming at the top of my lungs in the middle of a football stadium full of other shouting people.
enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy. (2/2)
Just realized looking at old pics that the last time I had seen live was May 5, 2009 in Cologne, Germany! It was about time!
Disappear ceaselessly in my heart. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
that is so fucking creepy.
I'm a total 2008 kick right now with music. The Wombats "Let's Dance to Joy Division" was such a cool song.
if you were here in Colorado I got you.
Gim! :-D With a hard g, like Barefoot Gen?
no problem (: lols
YOLO? Yeah, you only die once too
That is the worst! :(
Hmm, pretty sure I meant 'made optimal use of space'. Stupid vodka.
Heading over to with to join the fun 's Chef Rock Bands! Seeya there!
Happy Biryhday from your muffins!!! Everyone follow her! She's super close to 10,000 followers :-) RT!
Thank you!
Going on vacation in a few days, need a good beach read suggestion. Ready, go!
what up with the geeky rap video
I love watching footloose I am watching the new 1 right now
Welcome to my house party........
i wanna go for a bike ride
We love chronic pain research!
All those that hug and profer yellow journalism, i'll start blocking. Get yourselves a gossip-sheet site instead.
yea I got it Wednesday
A bunch of people use words but they dont even know wtf is coming out of their mouth!
"No" is also one of my most despised words. However, I am also not a fan of "MINE!"
The Most Perverted Vegans in the World.
when youre a bitch to someone.. then you feel bad after
Still got the taste of the weekend !!!...I'm thinking about going 2 the club after work ...
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
#Question Who is your favorite Islander?
The moto saloon has a tempeh reuben and an ipa for me and it wins for best place in cville, yeah.
Its so late I think ima wake up monday
aww are u okay!!
thought of you first.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you do not understand that you must learn self-control and balance.
What's new with the East Coast vs West Coast rap beef?
stupid thing won't let me login to origin. What a terrible service.
Right? At least 12 doesn't chime across as an arrogant prick.
they're gonna let the virus out, it'll be because of them !
I'm too flirty
Leaders guide and empower a team of willing participants towards a visualized, articulated, and constantly evolving end
hm maybe you should just pop over to NYC and we can do a live baking session :) doesn't look like you need any coaching!!
Asked by a publicist to change a photo with a story because it didn't have the correct product placement. Was thrilled to tell her a big no.
You are in for a treat. Fine book--he read here in Johnson City in February; the rest of the novel lives up to the sampling.
I don't think there is a classier organization than the #pens in any sport. #topnotch stuff!
Watching "Marley". Recommended by
Break time. The QA session should prove to be very lively.
Error: Page Not Found. Well go find it, I need Tumblr.
I just got April fooled-_-
Up next, as the cheesecake digests, Battledecks!
gotta get out there & hustle 4 Wat u want....
We worked hard today in #JOUR1550 and and I only have a little left to do and put that Weebly page together!
getting more action on than any other driver... Thanks for the on track commentary Brad!
time to occupy a jail cell
At the concert... Rick Ross on stage now killen em.
I just realized.....I don't like ANY OF YALL!!! o_0
I work all fucking weekend & I'm kinda really bent about it. I'm almost 21 wtf I look like working all weekend?
It's nice to see Manny keeping the ball down. I feel bad for Lucroy, though.
got it! Will call back soon :)
Congrats to A&A Celebrity Board Member Don Mattingly for his first victory as the Manager! Best of luck this season Don!
Had a WONDERFUL dinner at the new #rosamexicano in Chevy Chase... it's formally opening tonight!
Singing jazz at Tula's in Seattle this Wednesday, November 25th with 4 other great vocalists. It's my birthday Thursday too. Gobble, gobble.
Ghetto Translations: "It be like that sometimes" = I am aware of your situation, unfortunately there is nothing I can do about it.
Hey Ronellee! We were "virtually" there-As we import several of the Torrontes featured - tweeting from ;)
Haven't had a Snickers in year. Eating one now and it's amazing.
Couldn't make the #nyc_gis meetup, so signed up for and played with instead. /cc
June 15th "Rub The Felt For Lupus" Charity Poker Tournament. 2000 Staples mill rd. Holiday Inn. 7pm $25 Donation $20 Re-Buys $10 Opt. Add-On
vinny has the whole package
Good thing u didn't buy him a shot during the tourney. It would've ruined him MT : Congrats to Goldschlagger's on me!
I have given up all hope of having a better past.
About an hour or so
These are the type of innings that remind me why I love Cleveland Indians Baseball so much.
"Free my boys Green in Pipe "
my max is 10 min before I start getting grumpy.
Coop told me I was looking cute today :) How shocking xD
HEARD YOU GOT 2mill #DOWNLOADS TODAY... THATS WUZ UP... #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th here in the #H.. get at me
Excited abt taking a research fellow position at the Center for Connected Health in Boston, examining ICT in health care.
I wouldn't make a very good criminal because everyone seems to remember me wherever I go. No matter how long it's been.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout everybody runs to that one area.
Good morning folks!
RT : 45% of twitter's 230 million tweets day originate from mobile - michael Abbott
nailed it on Dylan Ratigan's show today!
Start shooting another web series tomorrow..."Rogue Hunters"...reminds me a lot of Blade Runner!
Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word "Direction" comes up on a daily basis.
Happy #Friday. Keep the #dreaming alive :)
fawk I keep forgetting my dude! Software update fir the evo was released today btw
Haven't lost a ward yet.
"If you want to show your family the real Florida, Gator Park is a must see."
Tom Sawyer blasting on the radio, windows rolled down, driving to Homecoming. you know, living the American Dream
I think he's done pretty well and he would be well on the bench.
D.Hightower come on home Steelers Nation welcomes you!
Gotta love that neapolitan ice cream
Planning an accessory exchange party for some girlfriends. It's a cross between shopping and trading. Very green!
ICYMI: You can now start putting your leaves in the curb for pick up through Nov. 15. You can also bring them to Sweet Water for composting.
Cereal for dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
do u have some advice how to be beautiful as u are? Btw do ya have bff? <3
No #BEAUTIFUL :) and mine is here all the time haha
Thinking about Halloween, in the past I grudgingly gave candy to adults w/o kids. Thinking I won't even offer candy this year.
I am indeed! Since Jan. of 2010!
We have a special surprise for you coming tomorrow. Stay tuned! ;)
pressure's on ;)
Busy weekend of birthday celebrating amidst stints of work and quality time with my kiddos.
Our Talent show is coming up CSHS. What's your talent?
Thanks so much. It's all very exciting but also stressful and time consuming. Not enough hours in the day!1
RT : So the Saddledome has new beer taps that fill the cup from the bottom.
they a brunch fake werrios any way!! Over in young money! Lol
stranded at school in the rain during a LAX game
Come to Mexico with
"Safe to drop"
Any chance there will ever be an NBA team in Louisville?
Awesome! Ch. 17 shares my friend 's story. She was gracious to let me tell it.
AlphaBeer is tomorrow! We're tasting fantastic craft brews like , RSVP: bit.ly/tltabv
messing with my LinkedIn/twtr settings to make sure I am not bugging my LI connections (too late I fear :-) ) Let's see what happens....
i can see the n
#whosgonnalose - san diego at dallas - san diego will lose
Lmbo I'm ONLY saying....they love me...They keep secrets...It's all good! NO CONSEQUENCE lol
RT Ultrasound Fat Zapper! Seriously...sensible diet and regular exercise perhaps?
Won't teams throw games to get Andrew Luck next year? A once in a generation talent and bonus certainty? Might need a draft lottery.
Why YES. Yes it is. Although I've had 1 lg cup of coffee & now moved onto a lg Mt Dew ;)
I would be in for rounding up some DC bloggers for #thingsimafraidtotellyou posts..breath of fresh air!
Getting really jelly that my favorite people and are out with out me
Small line putsode Verizon store for Thunderbolt.
nice sun chips loser
Let's go somewhere. See where it takes us.
So many siblings, so many chores
You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
Thanks for mentioning us among so many other great organizations in your #FF tweet.
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
No matter what I do, I'll always love you.
it will also clean your house, cook you dinner, and tuck you in at night.
home home home! Time to get to work.
DAMN I CME FROM GETTING HAIRCUT SEE.MY SQUAD GETTING RAN & MY NIGGA DWADE GOT 3POINTS!
Cass Sunstein, you would be vindicated to know that I am addicted to McDonalds Monopoly. Cognitive dissonance, excess optimism
well Duh. Thats why you miss me so much and call me everyday day.
#DC is the place to be!
Spreading to corporations too. MGM is taking soda, fried foods, pastry's, etc.., away from us!
When comes into your biology class and distracts you! Then your off task for the rest of the day!>
Joker Phillips had better have a big year at UK. Bobby Petrino will be rested and ready by December. That will teach UL to hire Rick Pitino!
A VERDICT HAS BEEN REACHED WITH THE CASEY ANTHONY TRIAL. SHE BETTER BE GUILTY
lol okay if I remember. But if anything I have his number my Tia Juanny is asking for u lmao
you still lookin for producers?
when i get older #namesformychildren will be girls: ariana, katie, peyton, skyler, penny page summer boys: all #BTR boy names and more
Ritee She Most Likely Is Cuz She Don't Care Where I Transfer ...What Ya Mom Gonna Say
I thought was Puerto Rican.
